I'm cloudy-air On XX/XX/year> I was contacted on XXXX by user XXXX used a fake screenshot of a XXXX dollars and said that she gave me XXXX $ and i did not realize it was fake, then she proposed that she would give me XXXX dollars if i gave her XXXX XXXX XXXX directed me a to contact to a " manager '' named " Dear named " Decmary XXXX '' on the Signal messaging app. then the manager requested for " a small {$20.00} fee '' for XXXX dollars in return On XXXX, I decided to give a Cash App transfer of {$20.00}, to the username " XXXX XXXXXXXX '' ( XXXX XXXX ) with note " please don't scam me " in hopes he would give me XXXX dollars after i gave him XXXX, I have a clear transaction receipt ( # XXXX ) was completed from this payment. Following this payment, the scammers continued to not give me the XXXX '' saying that the payment failed because i put a caption on the XXXXXXXX XXXX payment she revived from me which was a lie and in an attempt to get my money i requested XXXX XXXX from XXXX XXXXXXXX on cashapp and she declined my request. The promised of {$5000.00} was a lie and they never gave me the money till this day. notes i never revived a notification of a transaction in my cash app i also sent a refund request to cashapp and they declined it for some reason, idk I have sent the screenshots of there some of there accounts if that helps. The Total loss to this scam is {$20.00}.
I opened an account with Etrade with code XXXX to recieved a credit of {$400.00} for transferring {$20000.00} from an External account. Using opening the account I contacted XXXX to ensure the code was applied to the new premium savings account so that I would revieve tge {$400.00} credit. Come to find out the code was not applied successfully and the representative recommended that I open an additional account and apply the code once more. I stated to the rep that I needed to ensure the external transfer of $ XXXX from the first premium savings account open was cancelled to prevent a bounce. The representative said there were no scheduled transfers and that this would not happen, so I proceeded to open the second account woth the code with an External transfer from my checking ending in XXXX. Upon doing this I was told the code successfully applied. I asked once more for Etrade to ensure that {$40000.00} would not transfer twice as the funds were not available to do so, they confirmed this would not happen. This morning I discovered that the XXXX XXXXXXXX transfer did take place from my external checking ending in XXXX to the Etrade account that did not have the promo applied. Additionally, Etrade is still attempting to withdraw an additional XXXX XXXX XXXXrom the checking ending in XXXX, even though I have told them multiple times that the funds do not exist to cover both transactions. I have spent over 4 hours on the phone with them in an attempt to prevent this and was told this very issue would not happen. Now here we are and it has happened. I am filing an informal complaint and am seeking legal recourse since the checking account did not have the necessary funds to cover two separate XXXX XXXXXXXX transfers and due to etrade providing information that was invalid ( assuring me that this very issue would not happen ). I have called them for the XXXX time this morning and they are now all pf a sudden stating that there is nothing they can do on their end. Additionally, I transferred the money from XXXX XXXXXXXX account ending XXXX to a separate account within XXXX XXXX but somehow they were able to take that money from an account I never gave them permission to withdraw from. I am considering this potential fraud and will act accordingly.
I purchased new windows in XX/XX/2025 through Lowes and was offered a promotion for 84 months ( 7 years ) at 0 % interest using the Lowes credit card, which is managed by Synchrony. The in home sales consultant and central sales associate ( both Lowes employees ) acknowledged and submitted the promotion as 84 months to be applied to the purchase. The total purchase was around XXXX XXXXXXXX. It was incorrectly coded as 12 months instead of 84 months, which created an interest charge of over {$8000.00}. Ive been calling and emailing everyone I can with both companies and am essentially being told theres nothing they can do or theyre working on it. My concern is now I have these massive charges due in early XXXX ( about 2 weeks from now ) and if I dont pay it off, Ill get impacted on my credit score.
Cashapp closed my account a year ago due to so called fraudulent activity on my account. I never used my account for fraudulent purposes. I reached out to Cashapp on XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXegarding this matter. Cashapp could not provide any information showing my account was used for fraudulent purposes and my account was wrongfully closed. I have not been able to reopen my account with Cashapp & deserve to be compensated for the wrongful closure of my account.
XXXX XXXX # XXXX I had a problem registering the account and making an online payment. I informed citi in the original complaint that the support agent did not provide enough assistance to sort it out and refused to follow up with me at a time convenient to me. They claimed to have solved it but when trying to register I still get the same block.
I am requesting assistance regarding a refund dispute with XXXX involving an XXXX bicycle purchase that has been unresolved since XX/XX/year>. I purchased a XXXXXXXX XXXX bicycle on XX/XX/year>. The bicycle was delivered on approximately XX/XX/year> and was intended as a gift. The bicycle was not given to the recipient until XX/XX/year>. Shortly after it was received and used, a problem was discovered with the tire, making the bicycle unusable. I immediately contacted XXXX regarding the issue and attempted to resolve the problem directly with the seller. Since XX/XX/year>, I have spent significant time communicating with XXXX regarding the defective product, return process, shipping issues, and refund request. Throughout this process, XXXX repeatedly delayed resolution while investigating the issue and requesting additional information. I cooperated with their requests and provided the information they needed in an effort to resolve the matter fairly. XXXX eventually agreed in writing on XX/XX/year> that they would process my refund. Based on this written confirmation, I believed the matter had been resolved and that the refund process had begun. However, after previously confirming that a refund would be issued, XXXX changed their position and stated that additional steps or requirements needed to be completed before they would proceed with the refund. This contradicts their previous written commitment to process the refund. The seller can not reasonably agree to issue a refund and then later withdraw that agreement or add new conditions after the fact. I relied on their written confirmation that the refund would be processed and have continued cooperating throughout this entire process. The seller has had multiple opportunities since XX/XX/year> to resolve this issue, but the matter remains unresolved due to delays and changing explanations from XXXX. I have made every reasonable effort to work directly with the seller before requesting assistance. I am requesting that PayPal review the complete communication history and enforce the refund commitment that XXXX made in writing. I am seeking a full refund because the product had an issue shortly after delivery, the return/refund process has been prolonged for months, and the seller has now failed to honor their own written agreement to issue the refund.
When I try to order a card from cashapp when I go to order my card I cant because an unexpected error message comes up everytime afterwards. Ive tried to order this card from cashapp for months
I went to the Citi.com website on XXXX to search for a new card to apply for that provided a sign up bonus. I carefully read the terms and saw that the Citi XXXX XXXX card offered XXXX Thank You points upon spending {$4000.00} in 3 months. I had not previously held the card and was not otherwise ineligible for the sign up. I clicked apply now through the Citi website where the offer was listed. I took screenshots of the offer. I was approved and on XXXX alerted the card was on the way. I quickly fulfilled the spend requirement, though noticed I never did see a bonus tracker on the website or in app. My first statement cut and I still didn't receive the sign up points. I called on XX/XX/XXXX and was told " there is no sign up bonus linked to your account ''. I advised this was incorrect. They told me to email and provide info and screenshots. I sent an email on XX/XX/XXXX to XXXX as I was told. I read the email back several times. Email did not bounce back and no reply received. I sent a follow up XX/XX/XXXX, still nothing. I called again on XX/XX/XXXX, same run around. This time was told XXXX. Sent again with all attachments and no bounce back and no reply. Called again on XXXX, same story, but this time was told some email with citiXXXX in it, which doesn't make sense as it's not an XXXX XXXX card. This time I sent all info to XXXX. I received an automated reply. On XXXX I received an email with inquiry # XXXX stating it could take 15 days to respond. On XX/XX/XXXX, I received a letter from Citi dated XXXX stating I am not eligible for the offer because " You were not directly solicited for this offer ''. I literally applied from their own website, I'm not sure how that equates to not being solicited. It was offered on their own website and the terms were clear. I called XX/XX/XXXX after reading the letter and explained the situation to the rep that answered after choosing the Thank You Points option. She sat on the line and never spoke and I eventually had to hang up as she sounded like she was on a highway with bad service. I've been charged the {$95.00} annual fee. I would never have opened this card and paid the fee without a sign up bonus attached. I did everything I was supposed to do and now they refuse to award the points.
My uncles POA account, for which I am the agent, has been frozen by the bank ( PNC ) since XX/XX/year>, and it has now been XXXX months with absolutely no progress. Despite repeated attempts from both me and my uncle, the bank has failed to provide clear communication or take any real action to remove the freeze. My uncle even went into the branch himself in XX/XX/year> to request that the freeze be lifted. Even with his physical presence, nothing was done. His attorney has also contacted the bank, yet no one from their Legal team will speak directly to me or to his attorney, which is unacceptable. My uncle signed a XXXX, and I personally delivered all the paperwork to the bank. I believe his attorney submitted it as well. Still, nothing has changed. Every time I go into the branch, Im met with a different employee who seems unaware of the situation and unsure of what theyre doing. They assigned me a client specialist, but she is essentially just a messenger, and her response times are slow and inconsistent. We simply want clear information, and the bank needs to remove the freeze on my uncles funds immediately. This is his Social Security and retirement money, money he worked for, and he has been unable to access it for XXXX months. At this point, we genuinely do not understand what the issue is or why the bank refuses to resolve it.
My online profile has been problematic for years tgus company refuse to fix the issue and theyre forcing me to take time out of work and go into a branch multiple time with in a week to correct the actions I have to call their fraud department from tge branch and wait on hold fir an hour plus.
XX/XX/scrub>XXXX XXXX XXXX I purchased an exercise equipment from apex company, on XXXX XXXX XXXX it was delivered to an address in XXXX XXXX XXXX I contacted them by email they never responded. I filed a claim with Bank of America on XXXX XXXX XXXX Im being told that the company has 45 days to respond and they will not give a temporary credit because it do qualify for a credit. I gave the bank the tracking information showing that the order was delivered to the wrong address.
I was informed of class action lawsuit against Capital 1 for overcharging interest & fees
I hope a call from XXXX at Huntington bank he works for the priority response team, and I was told that I would finally be able to open an account with Huntington, I went into branch and did attempt to open it and it did end up opening also, and I got a email yesterday that the checking and savings account will be closed.
In XXXX of this year, I applied for a U.S. domestic American Express credit card based on my existing nonU.S. American Express card, and the application was approved without the representative requesting an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number or a XXXXXXXX XXXX checking account. The identity verification through XXXX was successfully completed on XX/XX/XXXX, allowing me to activate and use the card. However, in XXXX, during the first billing cycle, my account was placed under a financial review. When I contacted customer service, the representative demanded that I provide a U.S. domestic bank statement. As a nonU.S. resident, I do not have such an account because my ITIN application had been pending for over two months with no number issued, and without an ITIN I can not open a U.S. checking account online. I offered to make payments via international wire transfer and to provide overseas asset statements as proof of my ability to pay, but the representative refused both. I also proposed lowering my credit limit or using the card with a zero limit, but these offers were also rejected. I believe the review may have been triggered by a large XXXX store purchase in XXXX, although that transaction was later cancelled and I repurchased the same item using another card, demonstrating my financial capacity. Despite multiple goodfaith attempts to resolve the issue, American Express closed my account on XX/XX/XXXX and notified me by email and letter. At the time of closure, my account had a positive balance ( overpayment ) and unused Membership Rewards points. I was also charged a late fee of {$29.00}, interest on promotional balances of {$3.00}, the full annual membership fee of {$150.00} ( of which only {$120.00} was later prorated and credited ), and an interest charge on Pay Over Time purchases of {$6.00} that appeared after the cancellation date. I have never been in a net deficit position, as the overpayment clearly shows that I paid more than I owed. [ COMPLAINT ID : XXXX ]
Response to KeyBanks Investigation CFPB Case # XXXX Thank you for your response. I respectfully disagree with KeyBanks findings and request that this complaint remain open for further review. My dispute has never been that I did not physically initiate the payment. My dispute is that I was the victim of a sophisticated imposter scam in which criminals falsely represented themselves as XXXX, our electric utility provider, and fraudulently induced me to send money. On XXXX XXXX XXXX, I received calls from individuals claiming to be representatives of XXXX. They threatened that the electricity to my business would be disconnected immediately if payment was not made that day. As a small business owner, this was an urgent and frightening situation. I had every reason to believe I was speaking with my utility company, and I followed the instructions I was given to make the payment through XXXX. I later learned that these individuals were scammers impersonating XXXX. This was not a legitimate payment to a merchant. It was a payment obtained through fraud, deception, and intimidation. Throughout this dispute, I submitted documentation supporting my claim, including screenshots, dates, and evidence demonstrating that this was a documented XXXX imposter scam. I also filed reports regarding this fraud with the appropriate authorities. Despite this evidence, KeyBanks response fails to address the fraud itself. Instead, KeyBank simply states that the transaction was processed correctly and was therefore appropriately denied. That does not answer the issue I raised. The fact that a transaction was successfully processed does not resolve whether it was induced by fraud. Additionally, KeyBank acknowledges in its response that I was incorrectly advised regarding provisional credit and admits that misinformation was provided by its representatives. This admission raises additional concerns about whether my claim was investigated thoroughly and handled appropriately from the beginning. Therefore, I respectfully request that KeyBank specifically answer the following questions : * Did KeyBank review all of the screenshots, documentation, dates, and evidence I submitted showing that this was a XXXX imposter scam? * What specific investigative steps were taken to evaluate the fraud itself, rather than simply confirming that the payment was processed? * What provisions of KeyBanks policies or applicable regulations were relied upon to deny reimbursement for a documented imposter scam? * Why was the evidence of fraud insufficient to warrant reimbursement? Simply repeating that the dispute was appropriately denied is not an explanation. I am requesting a clear description of how KeyBank evaluated the evidence I provided and why it concluded that the documented fraud did not alter the outcome. I am also requesting that KeyBank refund the full amount of {$1400.00} that was fraudulently obtained through this imposter scam. I acted in good faith under the belief that I was making a legitimate payment to my electric company to prevent my business from being shut off. Instead, I was deceived by criminals. I should not bear the financial loss resulting from this fraud. I respectfully request that the CFPB require KeyBank to conduct a meaningful review of the evidence submitted, provide a substantive explanation for its decision, and reconsider its denial. Based on the facts and documentation provided, I respectfully request that KeyBank reverse its decision and issue a full refund of the {$1400.00} taken through this fraudulent scheme. As a small business owner, I acted under the reasonable belief that I was protecting my business from an immediate utility shutoff. Criminals exploited that belief by impersonating my electric company and using threats to coerce payment. This was not an ordinary authorized purchaseit was a transaction induced through fraud. Thank you for your continued review of this matter. XXXX XXXX
My name is XXXX. I would like to dispute the XXXX/Milestone account that appears on my credit report. I have never opened or authorized this account, and I do not recognize it. I believe this account is fraudulent and does not belong to me. Please investigate this account and remove it from my credit report
On or about XXXX XXXX XXXX I noticed a large amount of money taken from my account in the amount of {$850.00} to two different merchants referred to as XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX. I have disputed these charges 20 times now with no resolution. I immediately changed passwords and elected into Biometrics to ALL of my accounts that pertain to financial business. I have spoke to CHIME numerous times and have sent in over 30 pieces of documentation to support my claim. CHIME has lead me on and I'm not satisfied with there Dispute Resolution Team at all, I get the same answers with no resolution.
The distress stemming from this situation is tangible, affecting my sleep quality and leaving me unsettled. The discrepancy feels difficult to reconcile with my consistent payment history. I implore you to promptly rectify my account. It feels unjust to suffer the consequences of an error for which I am not responsible. This situation has become a significant source of XXXX and I earnestly hope for a swift resolution.
Upon closing a CD with Synchrony I was told it would take 4 business days to receive my funds. 2 days to process the CD closure and 2 days to transfer the money to an account I have had linked for several years. This is an extremely long time in todays banking world so I assume they are just making money off my money and others by investing float. Process times to open an account and receive monies into a synchrony account are 1 day. So they can receive money in 1 day but the fastest they can disperse it is 4 business days which often will include a weekend so 6 days of use of a customers funds for free. No option is offered on their website to close accounts. You must call. After 15 minutes of jumping through hoops I had to provide a video of my face and a photo of my ID all to send proceeds to an account I have had linked and verified for several years. After speaking with a supervisor, I was then informed that I could have requested a wire because I am a diamond customer. At no time did the original customer service representative mention that. I was told by the supervisor that the wire would require additional steps because they must be very precise. They clearly already have that information from the linked account information and this was just another stall tactic.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, MA XXXX Phone : ( XXXX ) XXXX Date : XX/XX/year> Subject : Formal Complaint Regarding Unreasonable Account Restriction, Failure to Provide Information, and Denial of Access to My Funds To Whom It May Concern, I am submitting this formal complaint regarding the handling of my M & T Bank account and the continued restriction that has prevented me from accessing my own funds for nearly three weeks without any meaningful communication or resolution. On XX/XX/year>, I was unable to access my online banking account. I immediately contacted M & T Bank customer service and was instructed to visit a local branch to verify my identity. On XX/XX/year>, I went to the M & T Bank branch located on XXXX XXXX in XXXX, Massachusetts. While at the branch, I successfully made a deposit of {$270.00}, confirming that my identity had been verified well enough to conduct a transaction. I then met with a bank representative who contacted the individual responsible for placing a legal hold on my account. I was informed that my account had been restricted because there had been multiple attempts to compromise my online banking. I answered every question asked regarding my internet usage, mobile phone, and account activity. I explained that I had not provided my banking information to anyone and was unaware of any unauthorized activity. After remaining at the branch for approximately an hour and a half, I was told that an investigation would be conducted and that someone would contact me with an update. Since then, I have repeatedly attempted to obtain information regarding my account. I contacted M & T Bank on XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, and XX/XX/XXXX. Every time I called, I was told that someone would contact me, but no one ever has. I also spoke with representatives in the Retail Department, including XXXX and XXXX, who refused to transfer me to the Fraud Department or allow me to speak with anyone capable of providing answers. I was repeatedly told only that my issue had been escalated and that I would receive a callback. Despite these assurances, I have received no communication whatsoever. As of today, nearly three weeks have passed. My account remains restricted, I have been unable to access or withdraw my own money, and I have received no explanation regarding the status of the investigation, no estimated timeline for resolution, and no written communication explaining why my funds continue to be withheld. This lack of communication and prolonged restriction has caused significant financial hardship and has prevented me from accessing money that belongs to me. Consumers have important rights under both federal law and Massachusetts law. Financial institutions are expected to investigate suspected fraud promptly, communicate with their customers in a timely manner, and provide reasonable access to deposit accounts once identity has been verified. Massachusetts law also requires banks to act in good faith in their dealings with customers, and unfair or deceptive acts or practices may violate Massachusetts General Laws Chapter XXXX, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act. Additionally, federal consumer protection laws require financial institutions to maintain fair procedures when restricting customer accounts and to investigate potential fraud within a reasonable period. At this point, I respectfully demand the following : 1. Immediate written confirmation explaining the legal basis for the restriction on my account. 2. A detailed status update regarding the investigation. 3. A specific timeline for when I will regain access to my funds. 4. Immediate restoration of access to my account if there is no lawful basis for continuing the restriction. 5. A written response addressing why I have repeatedly been denied information despite numerous requests over the past three weeks. If this matter is not resolved promptly, I will continue pursuing complaints with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Massachusetts Division of Banks, and any other appropriate regulatory agencies. I also reserve all legal rights available to me under state and federal law. I expect a prompt written response and immediate attention to this matter. Sincerely, XXXX XXXX
In XX/XX/XXXX, I opened a Greenlight account for my child and deposited {$10.00} to fund the account. The account was never activated or used. On XX/XX/XXXX, after discovering that I had been charged a {$4.00} monthly subscription fee for approximately 15 months, I contacted Greenlight customer support by email and clearly requested that my account be closed. My email specifically stated that I wanted the account closed and requested a refund of the subscription fees that had already been charged. Greenlight acknowledged my cancellation request and responded with a retention offer. They also stated that certain additional steps would need to be completed before they would process the account closure and refund. I did not respond further because I believed my written cancellation request was sufficient notice that I no longer wanted the service. Despite having written notice that I wanted to cancel my account, Greenlight continued charging my bank account every month. The subscription fee remained {$4.00} per month until approximately XXXX, when it increased to {$5.00} per month. These recurring charges continued until XX/XX/XXXX, when I discovered them while auditing my bank account. After discovering the continued billing, I immediately contacted Greenlight again, cancelled the account, and requested a refund of the subscription charges that were incurred after my XX/XX/XXXX cancellation request. Greenlight initially offered to refund six months of subscription fees. After I disputed that decision, they increased the refund to 12 months, and then later to 24 months. However, Greenlight has continued to refuse to refund the remaining subscription charges that were billed after my written cancellation request. I also requested that Greenlight provide : A complete billing history showing every monthly subscription charge from account inception through cancellation. Documentation showing what specific action or authorization allowed Greenlight to continue charging my account after receiving my written cancellation request. Confirmation of whether Greenlight considers my XX/XX/XXXX email to be a valid cancellation request. Greenlight did not answer any of these requests. Instead, they simply increased the refund offer while maintaining that my account remained active because I did not respond to their XXXX email. I believe Greenlight continued to initiate recurring charges after receiving clear written notice that I wanted to terminate my subscription. I am requesting that Greenlight refund all subscription fees charged after my XX/XX/XXXX cancellation request and provide a complete accounting of all subscription charges assessed to my account.
I was homeless and recieved my mom life insurance policy. Chase bank allowed me to third party the check to my children 's mom then cashed and froze the account for my phone verication.it showed up in the last owner.i tried what XXXX XXXX insurance told me to get documentation that the funds were never paid out so they could XXXXanother check like the told me.Chase bank still has the funds held so XXXX is waiting until they receive something saying g the funds were froze and not paid out
On XX/XX/year>, my PayPal business account under XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX was permanently deactivated. The account was brand new with absolutely XXXX transactions or activity. PayPal sent an email stating the deactivation was due to account activity they can not support, but provided no specific reason or explanation. I attempted to appeal by emailing but the email bounced back as undeliverable. PayPal has not provided any clear reason for the deactivation or any steps to resolve the issue. I believe the deactivation was caused by an automated system error that linked my new business account to an old personal PayPal account. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX is a legitimate registered XXXX business with no transaction history on PayPal. I am requesting that CFPB investigate this matter and require PayPal to either reinstate my account or provide a clear and specific explanation for the permanent deactivation of a brand new account with XXXX activity. Account email : XXXX XXXX
" I am filing this complaint against Cash App ( Block , Inc. ) regarding a fraudulent transaction / billing error that occurred on [ XX/XX/year> ]. I fell victim to a scam/error totaling $ [ XXXX ]. I immediately used Cash App 's internal dispute system to report the unauthorized activity, but Cash App summarily denied my claim and failed to conduct a proper investigation, violating consumer protection laws. Because of recent federal and multi-state actions against Block , Inc. for these exact customer support failures, I am requesting a formal re-investigation and a full reimbursement of my lost funds. ''
Subject : Formal Complaint Regarding Incorrect Account Status, Repeated Notices, Missing Deposit, and Email Notification Issues To Whom It May Concern, I am submitting this complaint regarding the handling of my Bank of America business account and the repeated issues I continue to experience despite my account already being opened. After completing the account opening process, I was informed by a Bank of America representative that my business account was active. During a subsequent phone call, I was specifically advised that I did not need to complete any additional consent process because the consent request had been generated using an incorrect phone number that Bank of America entered into its system. Since the phone number on file was inaccurate, I was unable to complete the requested verification. Despite being told that my account was already open and that no further action was required on my part, I continue to receive letters from XXXX XXXX stating that my account has been closed due to my failure to provide consent. These repeated notices directly contradict the information I received from Bank of America 's own representatives and have caused unnecessary confusion and frustration. I respectfully request that Bank of America investigate the following : Why am I continuing to receive letters stating that my account has been closed for failure to provide consent when I was informed that my business account was successfully opened? Why has this issue not been corrected after it was determined that the consent request was generated because Bank of America entered the wrong phone number? Why is XXXX XXXX continuing to send these notices when Bank of America 's representatives have already confirmed that my account is open and active? I request that these inaccurate notices stop immediately unless there is a legitimate issue that requires my attention. I also have a separate concern regarding the initial funding of my account. A Bank of America representative named XXXX obtained my payment information to fund my business account with {$100.00}. I was informed that this amount would be deposited into my new account. However, my account continues to reflect a {$0.00} balance, and I have not received an explanation as to why the initial deposit has not been credited. In addition, I have been experiencing ongoing issues with my account 's email notifications. My correct business email address is on file with Bank of America. However, when I request notifications, statements, or other account communications to be sent to my email, I do not receive them. I have reported this issue to Bank of America representatives, and I was told not to worry because I receive notifications through my phone number. That response is not acceptable. I expect my account to function properly through both communication methods. If my email address is correctly listed on my account, I should receive account notifications, statements, and other communications by email as requested. Simply receiving text messages does not resolve the issue or replace the email functionality that should already be available. I am requesting that Bank of America investigate and resolve the following : Why I continue to receive inaccurate notices stating that my account is closed. Why the incorrect phone number issue was not properly corrected. Why the repeated correspondence from XXXX XXXX continues despite my account being active. Why my {$100.00} initial deposit has not appeared in my account. Why my email notifications and statements are not being delivered even though my correct business email address is on file. What corrective actions Bank of America will take to ensure these issues are permanently resolved. I have previously submitted a complaint regarding related issues. This letter serves as an additional complaint documenting the continued problems I have experienced. I respectfully request a written response explaining the findings of your investigation and the steps Bank of America will take to correct these matters. Sincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
My checking account type was changed without my consent. There were fees and features associated with this account that I did not want. I went into a US Bank branch on XXXX XXXX in XXXX XXXX XXXX, NV and spoke with an account manager. She updated my account type. She told me that I would not be charged fees with this account type. For over a year, I was charged a monthly maintenance fee, and that fee was then waived and reversed the same day. I can see this in my transaction log. On XX/XX/XXXX, I was charged a monthly maintenance fee. It was not automatically reversed. I contacted US Bank for assistance. Rather than understand the situation, the rep read from the same script that their AI Chat uses. She could not answer questions about why I was suddenly charged. She told me that I would be charged every month going forward. Following the call, I completed several surveys then sent. I was offered an opportunity to speak with a customer care representative. On that call, I was told that my account was subject to fees and that the person at the branch provided false information. No explanation was provided for how my fees were routinely, automatically waived. The rep then offered to waive the fees for a couple months going forward, but that this new account type would still be subject to monthly maintenance fees. This suggests that something was wrong, I was lied to, or some form of bypass was implemented, then lifted. This rep was going to put the same temporary fix in place and the issue would return later. At no time was I offered a more appropriate option. I do not trust US Bank. I have had many issues. They are often " resolved '' after many phone calls and branch visits, although the resolution never seems to fix the relationship and avoid surprises. If I don't close my account and move banks, this will happen again in several months. I have been a customer of US Bank since XXXX. I am concerned that I will now have to transition all of my accounts, including my children 's accounts, out of their custody.
Complaint Summary : Dispute Denied for XXXX XXXX XXXX I Never Received I am filing this complaint regarding Cash Apps handling of my dispute for a XXXX purchase made using my Cash App Card. I purchased a television from XXXX for approximately {$290.00}. The order was delivered through XXXX XXXX delivery service. The order was marked as delivered, but I never received the television. There was no delivery photo, no signature confirmation, and I was not provided proof that the item was actually delivered to me. I contacted XXXX to report that the item was not received. XXXX denied my request for a refund. I then disputed the transaction with Cash App because I paid with my Cash App Card, but Cash App also denied my dispute and stated they could not provide a credit. I am requesting that Cash App conduct a fair review of this dispute and provide the evidence used to deny my claim. A delivery status alone does not prove that I received the merchandise. I am requesting that Cash App and XXXX provide any available delivery verification, including delivery records, driver information, XXXX confirmation, and any proof of delivery. I am requesting assistance in resolving this matter and receiving a refund for the {$290.00} charge because I paid for merchandise that I did not receive. Transaction details : * Merchant : XXXX * Delivery service : XXXX XXXX Amount : {$290.00} * Payment method : Cash App Card * Order date : XX/XX/XXXX * Delivery date : XX/XX/XXXX * Order number : XXXX
my cash app account was comprised and a payment of XXXX dollars was sent to someone and I didn't approve of the transaction. on XX/XX/year>. cash app denied my dispute. after I made them aware that this was not a legal transaction I made
I am filing a complaint against Chase because my account was restricted and/or closed while my money remained inaccessible, even after I verified my identity in person at a Chase branch XXXX Chase has not provided a clear explanation for why this action was taken, why I did not receive adequate notice, or when my funds will be fully released. I have had ongoing problems with this account since it was opened. Most recently, I went to a Chase branch in person on XX/XX/year> and presented identification to verify my identity. Even after that in-person verification, I still could not access my funds. This has caused serious hardship because I need access to my money for basic expenses and day-to-day living. I believe Chases handling of this matter is unfair and unreasonable. If the bank had concerns about my identity or account activity, those concerns should have been clearly explained and addressed when I appeared in person and verified who I am. Instead, I was left without access to my money and without a meaningful explanation.
XX/XX/scrub>XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, began my. attempts to close my US Bank Account. The account held approximately {$4000.00} at that point. I live in XXXX, Florida. US Bank did not agree with my request. I then attempted to close the account on the telephone XXXX XXXX XXXX. This was an absolutely horrible experience. The woman began asking questions to verify me. While the concept is understandable, US Banks questions were absurd. Throughout this, I kept asking that she speak with my daughter. She refused. What is your name? I answered perfectly. Birthdate? I answered perfectly. Social Security Number? Unfortunately, I did get confused reciting my Social Security Number. What is your account number? I read that perfectly. What was your mothers maiden name? I am XXXX and my mother died when I was XXXX so I asked for a different question. I asked again that she speak with my daughter. The woman then said : Once I verify you, I can speak with your daughter. What direct deposit do you receive to this account? XXXX XXXX. How often is that deposited? I assume once a month. She then said, You are verified. Yet, she then asked me if I banked online? Ultimately, she unlocked my account so that I could transfer the money out of the account. However, I repeatedly asked her to close my account. She repeatedly said it was not her department and that she could not help with that. I asked her to please get someone on the call, now that I was verified, so that I could close the account. She said she was having someone reach out but she never did. As we were waiting, the call disconnected. XXXX XXXX XXXX, I called US Bank again to try to close the account and that representative refused to do so. I kept saying I just wanted to close my account. The woman kept insisting that the only way to close the account was on the phone or in a branch. As she was talking I looked online on the US Bank website and saw that there was a way to send a letter. She came back on the call and said she had just found out a letter could be mailed. XX/XX/scrub>XXXX XXXX XXXX I mailed a letter exactly as required on the US Bank website. XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, a representative of US Bank left a voicemail on my phone. The woman stated that she needed the Certificate of the Trust and letters requesting the closure from all the trustees. I left her two voicemails that day which were never returned and 2 more the next day which she also failed to return. XX/XX/scrub>XXXX XXXX XXXX my daughter called the XXXX XXXX in XXXX XXXX, XXXX and spoke to a woman named XXXX. She was excellent and extremely helpful. After she spoke with someone, my daughter received a call from XXXX. XXXX was awful. She said that she could not talk to my daughter since she was not on the account, but kept saying " all the trustees had to sign to close the account ''. My daughter is the only other trustee and she is just a successor trustee. She repeatedly said it was procedure. When my daughter reminded her that she already had the letter from the actual trustee, XXXX XXXX XXXX, she had no response and could not explain why I would have to send a different letter. She never identified anything that was missing from my letter. She also requested a copy of the Trust Certification. When I reminded her that US Bank must already have a copy since they opened a Trust Account, she said it was procedure. They kept putting up needless roadblocks and making it incredibly difficult for a XXXX XXXX XXXX to close an account as I wanted. They refused to explain why the letter I submitted closing the account was not sufficient, even though it was exactly to the specifications of their own website. I just want US Bank to honor my letter- which followed their website instructions exactly - and close the account. If they till refuse to do so, I want them to explain why my letter is not sufficient. Thank you, XXXX XXXX XXXX
The person that contacted me was impersonating a XXXX XXXX sheriff. He accused me of missing federal Jury duty and 2 subsequent court cases for my absence all that I was not aware of. He said that they had received my signature from my mailing address saying that I would be present for the federal jury. He then placed a gag order on me stating that I could not discuss anything with anybody and that I am required to obey direct commands leading up to the resolve of fines or my XXXX. He wanted me to pay {$3000.00} in tickets before I could come into the sheriffs office and get a signature review done and get this all put behind me. Once I paid the {$3000.00} ( {$1000.00} he connected me to another individual that was the Financial Advisor. This individual said after reviewing my charges that I was actually charged twice for all 3 charges so I actually owed {$6000.00}. {$1000.00} for each count.After I had met {$5800.00} in total sent to them between the {$4000.00} in Cash App and the {$2800.00} in XXXX XXXX gift cards ( which were aptly described as an contracted FDIC fine payment service ) they then told me there was another red flag in the system and that I owed {$12000.00}. I began to inquire about the nature of these charges and they gave me the same excuse for the first extra charge of {$3000.00} and after I questioned more and told them that they just did that ; they stated I was being fined for cussing over the line and for violating a gag order that they placed on me to where I could not discuss details of the situation anybody which resulted in me having to leave work early without being able to explain the situation to anybody. I finally began to realize that this was not right and started threatening to go to police station to verify and that i was going to hang up where I then started to receive threats ( from the man with the southern accent and another one that he was calling XXXX or short for XXXX ) that I was going to be arrested once I arrived and not be able to see my kids anymore. When this situation began the threat was only 3 to 120 days if I dont pay my fines then evolved to 6 months to a year if I dont pay up. Finally after I hung up they ceased to contact me and I filed my police report with the XXXX XXXX police station. 3 individuals involved ( XXXX ) southern voice ( Financial officer ) XXXX XXXX voice ( XXXX ) mid to late XXXX XXXX voice In total, {$4000.00} was sent through Cash App, And {$2800.00} was sent through XXXX. XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX ( XXXX XXXX, TX ), is the number they sent me the tabs through. I called this number on XX/XX/year> at XXXX and the southern voice answered the phone saying Hello, this is the Sheriffs department. I responded with hello, what county are you a sheriff with? Where he then hung up and blocked my number. The Two Cashapps involved in these transactions are as follows ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Confirmation for payments were also given in the form of case and charge numbers that made it more convincing. These consisted of ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
I have been a Citibank customer for many years and have maintained a perfect payment history with my account. My account was always in good standing, and I consistently made my required payments on time. In XXXX XXXX, Citibank reduced my credit limit from approximately {$8200.00} to {$3000.00}. The letter I received stated that Citibank used a credit scoring system that assigns numerical values to information from my account and my credit report, and that the resulting score was not high enough to maintain my previous credit limit. Citibank cited that my credit report showed my balances on revolving accounts were too high in relation to my available credit lines. At the time of the credit limit reduction, my utilization on my Citibank account was approximately 36 %. Following Citibanks decision to reduce my credit limit by more than half, my utilization on that same account increased to approximately 96 %, despite no significant increase in my balance. This action appears to have directly worsened the utilization issue Citibank cited as the reason for the reduction. I contacted Citibank through multiple channels to explain my situation and request reconsideration, but my concerns were not resolved. Today, I received another notice from Citibank stating that they will not be issuing a replacement card when my current card expires in XXXX XXXX. Citibank stated that they are making this decision because my credit report shows that my revolving account balances are too high in relation to my credit limits and because my payments were low on one or more accounts with Citibank. I believe this decision is unfair and misleading because my account with Citibank has remained in good standing, I have always made at least the required minimum payments on time, and Citibanks own credit limit reduction significantly contributed to the high utilization they are now citing as a reason to deny me a replacement card.
My Bank of America account was closed ( XX/XX/year> ) after I deposited an IRS check ( {$3400.00} ) that was payable to XXXX XXXX ( XX/XX/year> ) Bank of America informed me that the check was being sent for verification and that the associated funds would remain unavailable while the investigation was ongoing. I know XXXX XXXX, which is why I came into possession of the IRS check payable to him. However, regardless of that fact, my complaint is not about the ownership of the check. My complaint is that Bank of America has continued to hold the funds indefinitely without providing a clear explanation, a reasonable timeline, or a resolution to its investigation. I understand that Bank of America has the right to investigate a deposit when it believes additional verification is necessary. However, I have contacted the bank numerous times over the past several months seeking information about the status of the investigation. During each call, I have asked why the investigation remains open, whether any additional information is needed from me, whether there is a case number, and whether there is an estimated completion date. Each time, I have received essentially the same response : that there is no time limit for the investigation, that the funds will remain frozen while it is ongoing, and that Bank of America can not provide any estimated timeframe for when the matter will be resolved. No one has been able to explain what remains under investigation or what is preventing the investigation from being completed. Additionally, I have repeatedly requested that, if Bank of America is unable or unwilling to release the funds, the check and any associated funds be promptly returned to the Internal Revenue Service rather than being held indefinitely. Despite these repeated requests, Bank of America has neither returned the funds to the IRS nor provided any explanation as to why they continue to retain them. I am not asking the CFPB to determine ownership of the check. Rather, I am requesting that Bank of America provide a clear written explanation of why the investigation remains open, identify the legal and factual basis for continuing to hold the funds, explain why the funds have not been returned to the IRS despite my repeated requests, provide a reasonable timeline for resolving this matter, and take the appropriate action to either release the funds if legally permissible or promptly return them to the Internal Revenue Service if they can not be released. I know XXXX XXXX, and he voluntarily gave me the IRS check that was payable to him for me to deposit. After the deposit, Bank of America closed my account and initiated an investigation related to the transaction. I understand that Bank of America has the right to investigate a deposit when it considers additional verification necessary. However, my complaint is not about the ownership of the check, nor am I asking the CFPB to determine who is entitled to the funds. My complaint is that Bank of America has continued to hold the funds for an indefinite period without providing a clear explanation of the status of the investigation, identifying what remains under review, or providing any reasonable timeframe for resolving the matter. In addition, I have repeatedly requested that, if Bank of America is unable or unwilling to release the funds, the check and the associated funds be promptly returned to the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) rather than being held indefinitely. Despite these repeated requests, the bank has neither returned the funds to the IRS nor explained why they continue to retain them. At this point, I am simply seeking transparency, a timely resolution, and a written explanation of Bank of Americas actions.
There was a check deposited in my bank account that has been placed on an executive hold to cover overdraft fees. The overdraft fees were well under the check amount. They will not release the funds for 7 days which is causing more overdraft fees. The representative said there is nothing they can do.
I tried to make an account and already had an account
I am submitting this complaint regarding PNC Banks denial of approximately {$12000.00} in unauthorized transactions on my deposit account. I want to begin by emphasizing that I have been a very happy and loyal PNC customer. I appreciate PNC and have generally been pleased with the services I have received. I sincerely hope to continue my relationship with the bank. I am not submitting this complaint to attack PNC or its employees. I am respectfully asking for reconsideration, compassion, and a complete review of an extremely serious situation that has caused me severe financial hardship. I reported more than XXXX unauthorized transactions that occurred beginning approximately XX/XX/year>. The transactions consisted primarily of XXXX and XXXX purchases, along with one or more rent-related payments. I did not make, authorize, approve, or benefit from the transactions I reported. PNC initially issued provisional credit for certain transactions, which I sincerely appreciate. However, PNCs retail investigations team subsequently denied most of the older disputed transactions, totaling approximately {$12000.00}. I was informed that the primary reason for the denial was that the transactions were reported outside the applicable reporting period. I understand that financial institutions have reporting deadlines and must follow established investigation procedures. However, I respectfully believe that applying the deadline without fully considering my extraordinary circumstances produces a deeply unfair result. During the period in question, I was in XXXX and had no meaningful or reliable access to the internet, online banking, account statements, alerts, or other information that would have allowed me to discover and report the transactions sooner. I did not knowingly ignore the transactions, neglect my account, or intentionally wait to report them. I was genuinely unaware that the activity was occurring and lacked the practical ability to monitor my account. As soon as I became aware of the unauthorized activity and was able to address it, I contacted PNC and reported the transactions. The delay was not voluntary and was not caused by indifference. It resulted from circumstances outside my control. I respectfully ask PNC and the CFPB to consider the provisions of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and Regulation E, including 12 C.F.R. 1005.6. Regulation E generally requires consumers to report unauthorized electronic fund transfers within established periods, but it also recognizes that those periods should be extended to a reasonable time when extenuating circumstances, such as extended travel or hospitalization, prevent timely notification. My extended presence overseas, my location in XXXX, and my lack of meaningful internet and account access are directly relevant to why I could not provide earlier notice. I respectfully request that PNC evaluate those circumstances rather than treating the normal reporting period as an absolute bar without exception. I am not asking PNC to approve my claim without investigation. I am asking PNC to reopen the denied portion of my claim, examine the evidence, and determine whether the transactions were actually authorized by me. I respectfully request that PNC review available evidence including : 1. The delivery addresses associated with the XXXX and XXXX orders. 2. The names, email addresses, telephone numbers, devices, and accounts used to place the orders. 3. IP addresses and device-location information associated with the purchases. 4. My PNC online-banking login and device history during the relevant period. 5. The recipient and account information connected to the rent-related payments. 6. The geographic difference between my documented location and the locations where the purchases, deliveries, or payments occurred. 7. Whether I received any goods, services, housing benefit, or other benefit from the disputed transactions. 8. Any merchant records showing who placed, received, or benefited from the purchases. The disputed transactions were not authorized by me, and I received no benefit from them. Under Regulation E, a transfer initiated by another person without the consumers actual authority and from which the consumer receives no benefit may qualify as an unauthorized electronic fund transfer. I respectfully request the following resolution : 1. Reopen and reconsider the denial of the approximately {$12000.00} in disputed transactions. 2. Apply the extenuating-circumstances provision of Regulation E to my inability to report the transactions sooner. 3. Conduct a substantive investigation into whether each disputed transaction was authorized, rather than denying the transactions solely because of their age. 4. Provide an itemized list of every denied transaction, including its date, amount, merchant, transaction type, and the precise reason for denial. 5. Provide copies of the documents and information PNC relied upon in reaching its determination. 6. Permanently reimburse every transaction determined to have been unauthorized. 7. Provide a written explanation addressing why my extended travel and lack of account access were or were not considered extenuating circumstances. 8. Explain whether PNC determined that I authorized or benefited from any transaction, or whether the denial was based entirely on the reporting period. This denial has caused me severe financial hardship. Approximately {$12000.00} is an overwhelming amount of money to lose through activity that I did not authorize, did not benefit from, and could not reasonably discover under the circumstances. It feels deeply unfair to bear the
On XX/XX/year> I received a call from the same number of Randolph Brooks Federal credit union stating my account was hacked and somebody was trying to take money from my account. The person who was on the phone verified my identity using the same information that any customer service agent at the XXXX XXXX would ask. He then told me my online banking was hacked as well. I did provide a one time passcode and authorize some debits not realizing what was going on. Once I did realize what was going on I denied the last transaction hung up and called the XXXX XXXX immediately while waiting on the phone. I realize that they had taken {$15000.00} out of my account that was not authorized nor did I physically do the transfer. The transfers were done out of the state of Florida and I am currently in Arizona and Ive been living in Arizona for five years and never access my account in Florida. I was on hold for well over an hour then I was informed to call back the next day which was a Saturday at XXXX XXXX where I continue to file my fraud claim after the 10 day waiting. I was informed that my claim was denied due to regulation E however regulation, E states, no matter what I am not held responsible if I call that claim and put that claim in within the first couple days, which I did, XXXX, XXXX has denied my claim stating that I initiated it because I approve those transactions being coerced by a fraudster. Regulation E states I am not held responsible in the bank will not honor that. A lot of people have been scammed and fraud with account takeover and XXXX. XXXX is refusing to provide money back to those customers. No one in the fraud department will discuss things nor will they want to talk to you about it. They just say that its been denied. I also called today which is Tuesday, XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX Arizona time and spoke with customer service, who then stated a manager will call me back. I asked to stay on hold until I could speak to a manager and she refuse to let me stay on hold. I then asked for all those documents and she said they wont provide everything. They will provide what they can, but they can not provide information. The bank that received the money was XXXX and according to them, apparently the account the money went into no longer has those funds. Which should automatically tell you its fraud because they were running money through other customers accounts. I demanded my money come back to me because of regulation E I asked where in regulation E does it states that I am held liable for those money being stolen from me and the customer service agent said it could not say exactly where and also I asked where in their terms and conditions of the bank and accounts does it state that I am held liable for fraud and again she could not tell me where this was. One more thing they also are very aware of the fraud that was happening because the service that they added to my account without my knowledge or my approval was silently taken down so no one could use it. There were no limits other than a {$5000.00} daily limit from what I can tell and these were all done via ACH as a same-day transfer using the Fed now application that was put into their online banking. And they have also admitted they knew that fraud was happening using that platform. I had also emailed them requesting a letter stating that they refuse to give me my money back and that they were aware of a scam along with all corresponding documents for the research. I was informed that they do not respond to any emails that are sent to the fraud department so customers have no way to know if things were received or what the answer is unless you call and I was denied that initial request via email because I requested more than they can give
I have been calling to get this straightened out since XX/XX/XXXX. Have called at least 10 different times & escalated to Supervisors of Security Dept & STILL not had any resolution. I received a text alert on XX/XX/XXXX that my balance exceeded my set amount. I looked online & IMMEDIATELY contacted Citi to inform them my card ending in XXXX had been compromised. After seeing 4 different charges from a XXXX XXXX in XXXX, TX on my XXXX statement, I requested that that XXXX card be canceled and reissued as it had obviously been compromised. The card was canceled & I received a new card ending in XXXX, only 1 of the 4 charges from XXXX in XXXX, TX was removed.The only charge they removed was the very 1st one : XX/XX/XXXX {$86.00}. Three of the same XXXX store charges were transferred over to my to XXXX statement under the new XXXX number. They do not APPEAR on the statement.... they only appeared on the XXXX statement... but THEIR AMOUNTS WERE TRANSFERRED over to the new card balance along with interest charges. Charges which ARE NOT MINE are as follows : XX/XX/XXXX {$140.00} XXXX # XXXX XXXX TX XX/XX/XXXX {$41.00} XXXX # XXXX XXXX TX XX/XX/XXXX {$2500.00} XXXX # XXXX XXXX TX Apparently, since the charges only appeared on the XXXX statement, they are having trouble removing them. I HAVE BEEN CALLING ABOUT THIS NONSTOP SINCE XX/XX/XXXX & have not had ANY satisfaction. ENDLESS phone calls to the CITI XXXX XXXX XXXX have gotten me nowhere. I am also being charged interest each month... something I NEVER usually have since I always pay my bill in FULL. I want all 3 of these fraudulent charges removed along with the additional interest I've been charged EACH MONTH since my XXXX statement.
My Cash App account was closed due XXXX core allegations against Cash App. I was advised by Cash App that my account is deactivated for violating terms of service on XX/XX/year> in which I did not. I filed for an appeal XXXX was denied on XX/XX/year> with no legitimate reason. I believe this decision was made because of the lawsuit that paid out millions of dollars that I did not have any acknowledgment of the reason why. It use my Cash App faithfully XXXX honestly, I never had an issue. Thank you.
I am filing this complaint because Citi denied my credit card dispute related XXXX a MovingHelp/U-Haul transaction despite clear documentation that the services XXXX additional protection purchased were essentially worthless. I paid {$390.00} on XX/XX/year> which INCLUDED XXXX INSURANCE IN THE AMOUNT OF {$3000.00} XXXX protect my belongings from damage. During the move on XX/XX/year>, my property was damaged, including a XXXX bed XXXX a grandfather clock. XXXX ( the insurance provider ) in their own claim correspondence confirms the Date of Loss as XX/XX/year> XXXX the Reported Date as XX/XX/year>, meaning the claim was timely reported after the damage was discovered during unpacking XXXX inspection. The damages were documented XXXX submitted through the claims process. My completed Statement of Loss XXXX contents worksheet identified the damaged XXXX bed at {$1700.00} XXXX the grandfather clock at {$3500.00}, for a total claimed value of {$5200.00}. The XXXX of Loss also explained that the movers arrived without proper straps for heavy lifting XXXX manhandled the pieces, causing damage that could not be easily repaired. The XXXX bed damage report documents clear before-and-after damage. Before the move, the panels were aligned XXXX the handles were straight. After the move, the bed showed visible misalignment, bent/off-axis handles, internal stress points, chipped material, XXXX compromised mounting points. The report concludes that the XXXX bed sustained structural damage XXXX may no longer close properly or be restored through simple repair. The grandfather clock damage report documents surface scratches, scuffing, finish wear, XXXX abrasion marks affecting the appearance XXXX value of the piece, which is also a family heirloom. The report states the clock may require professional refinishing or repair. XXXX did not deny that the damage existed. Instead, XXXX denied the claim because it was unable XXXX verify with the Moving Helper that the damages you reported were the result of a covered loss. That is a failure of the merchant/vendor/insurance process, not proof that the damage did not occur. Also - why is XXXX and XXXX allowing a vendor XXXX be on their site as 'for hire ' if they are just going XXXX suddenly say ... 'well we can't reach them. ' That's not excusable, nor is it my problem. XXXX also sent a separate letter stating that XXXX providers are independent providers XXXX are not agents of XXXX or XXXX, XXXX directed me back XXXX the MovingHelper/MovingHelp dispute process. This created a circular runaround : XXXX sold or facilitated the service XXXX protection, XXXX denied the claim because of alleged inability XXXX verify with the Moving Helper, the vendor denied responsibility, XXXX Citi then XXXX my dispute despite the fact that I paid for moving services and extra protection that failed XXXX resolve my documented loss. The moving vendor has since stated that no one contacted them until XX/XX/XXXX. If that is true, then XXXX denied my claim before completing a meaningful investigation. If it is false, it further confirms that the vendor failed XXXX cooperate. Either way, this should not be held against me as the Citi cardholder. I timely reported the damage, submitted the requested claim forms, provided photos XXXX damage reports, and cooperated with the process. Citis denial of my dispute is unfair because it ignores the central problem : I paid for a service and purchased additional protection, but when damage occurred, every involved party avoided responsibility. I have been bounced between MovingHelp, XXXX, XXXX, XXXX, the Moving Helper, XXXX Citi with no meaningful remedy. This is not simply buyers remorse or dissatisfaction with service. I paid for moving services XXXX extra protection. My property was damaged. The insurer denied the claim because of alleged inability XXXX verify with the moving vendor. The vendor disputes responsibility. Citi denied my dispute despite documentation showing damage, timely reporting, XXXX a failed claim process. I am requesting that Citi reopen the dispute, review the attached documentation, XXXX provide a credit or reversal for the MovingHelp/U-Haul transaction XXXX related protection charge. I am also requesting that Citi provide a written explanation identifying exactly why my dispute was denied despite the supporting documentation XXXX failed insurance/merchant resolution process. Desired XXXX I request that Citi : Reopen the credit card dispute. Reconsider the denial based on the attached documentation. Reverse the MovingHelp/U-Haul transaction XXXX related SafeLoad/protection charge. Provide a written explanation of the evidence Citi relied on to deny the dispute. Explain why the vendors failure or refusal XXXX cooperate with XXXX should be held against me as the consumer/cardholder. Confirm what additional documentation Citi needs XXXX resolve this dispute in my favor.
I have been a Bank of America customer for many years XXXX have consistently paid my credit card statement balances in full through automatic payments. Between my spouse XXXX me, we hold approximately XXXX Bank of America credit cards, all set XXXX autopay the full statement balance. Bank of America switched XXXX a new online banking/autopay system XXXX required me XXXX cancel my existing automatic payments XXXX re-create entirely new XXXX for every card. The notice I received about this change was confusing, XXXX the setup process made it easy XXXX select the wrong payment option. While re-creating autopay on XXXX of my accounts, the system defaulted XXXX or I inadvertently selected " minimum payment '' instead of " full statement balance. '' As a result, that XXXX account paid only the minimum, XXXX I was charged {$100.00} in interest ( listed as " XXXX XXXX, '' posted XX/XX/year> ). This interest charge was a direct result of Bank of America forcing customers through a system migration XXXX requiring us XXXX manually rebuild every automatic payment. I would not have incurred this charge but for the bank 's decision XXXX change systems XXXX the confusing re-enrollment process. I called Bank of America XXXX requested a XXXX-time credit of the interest, given my long history of paying in full XXXX the circumstances of the system change. My request was reviewed XXXX declined. I received an email stating the decision is " final. ''
Made a payment of {$320.00} on XX/XX/XXXX to make my {$500.00} credit limit currently on XX/XX/XXXX. Capital One did an unauthorized payment a week later of the same amount of {$320.00} and XXXX again that I never authorize. Missed calls my credit limit to decrease because I had {$200.00} available credit and this morning when I wake up its all gone and they say I owe them {$570.00} because of the return payment that I never authorized for my account they were no help and simply told me to call my bank to have them start an investigation which the bank explained that they cant because I do business with Capital One and the payment never actually went through. It was just charged back. So pretty much Capital One has a glitch in their system where they charge me twice and made it take away my credit and theyre not giving me any help to figure out why was this unauthorized payment even made the second time a week later in the first place.
XXXX charge on XX/XX/year> for {$390.00} sent to somebody via XXXXXX/XX/XXXX Noticed the charge immediately and reported to Venmo XX/XX/XXXX. Venmo reissued a new card and opened dispute. On XX/XX/XXXX they sent me an email saying the dispute was closed. They listed a phone number and email associated with the transaction I did not recognize. I called up same day and they said they would submit an appeal. I called today XX/XX/XXXX and they said the appeal was denied. I did not make the transaction. I have been a loyal customer and somebody took my information and made this charge. I had my phone stolen in XXXX in XXXX and the thieves may have got my information from that source. Could also be from a credit card skimmer since I rarely use the Venmo card and the first time I used it in a long time was a couple days before the charge happened. XXXX refused to provide me more information over the phone. I sent an email requesting information for police report but they havent wrote back.
I submitted a written billingerror dispute to Bank of America regarding incorrect interest charges, misapplied payments, and a cashadvance classification error. Instead of addressing the dispute, the bank sent generic statements that did not respond to the issues raised. I sent a followup letter correcting their response and restating the dispute. Bank of America has not acknowledged or investigated the dispute within the required FCBA timelines and has not provided any substantive response. Basically, they were taking my payments and applying them to the 0 % balance, instead of the balance with the highest interest rate. These were payments made outside of the minimum payment, which all should have gone towards the highest interest balance.
My Bank of America checking account was closed on XXXX due to fraudulent activity. I did not have any knowledge of a fraudulent charge being made or deposit being made on my account. My account was closed with no explanation. I have called them several times but no real answer or solution has been given. I can not open any bank accounts anywhere due to this allegation.
I am filing a formal complaint against Cash App ( Block , Inc. ) for a severe accounting error, mishandling of electronic fund transfer disputes, and a complete failure to have a human review my appeals for my disputes. My partner XXXX and I were working on a project for work together, and through his XXXX I authorized three separate transactions to a merchant via XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX for a single development project ( split into frontend, backend, and setup milestones ) : - Purchase 1 : XX/XX/XXXX {$100.00} - Purchase 2 : XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX {$50.00} - PurchasXXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX at XXXXXXXX XXXX {$100.00} The merchant abandoned the project, failed to deliver any milestones, and stopped responding. I disputed all three charges. The merchant refunded one but not the other two. My statement ledger proves that I only received ONE single refund of {$100.00}, which was credited to my account on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX. Cash App 's dispute system has made a blatant mathematical error : 1. They closed BOTH of my separate {$100.00} disputes claiming they were " resolved via refund. '' It is mathematically impossible for a single {$100.00} credit to resolve two separate {$100.00} debits. Because they closed both, I am missing {$100.00} that was never actually credited to my balance. 2. They denied the {$50.00} portion claiming the merchant " fulfilled obligations, '' which is logically impossible as the entire project was abandoned. When I reached out to dispute this, Cash App 's own support representatives explicitly admitted to me that this issue was not a failure on my part to provide proper documentation, but was instead a direct failure of their backend system listing the same single refund twice. Despite this internal admission of a system bug, I have been completely blocked from reaching real human support to resolve it. When I attempted to appeal, Cash App representatives ( such as " XXXX '' ) repeatedly sent me identical, word-for-word automated templates. These scripts are highly contradictorystating that the dispute is simultaneously " under a 45-day review '' and " closed, requiring a new ticket. '' Cash App has refused to provide any actual human review of my transaction history or my appeals. They are using deceptive automated support loops to shut down legitimate appeals and avoid investigating known backend ledger errors. This failure to have a human review my appeals for my disputes violates basic consumer protection and error-resolution standards.
On or about XX/XX/year>, I discovered an unauthorized electronic transfer of {$1000.00} from my Chime account. I did not authorize this transaction, I do not know the recipient, and I did not provide permission for anyone to transfer funds from my account. The funds were transferred to a XXXX XXXX account and then used to purchase Bitcoin without my knowledge or consent. I reported the unauthorized transaction to Chime immediately after discovering it and filed a dispute. After completing its investigation, Chime denied my claim, stating only that it determined " no error occurred. '' Chime did not provide a meaningful explanation of how it concluded the transaction was authorized or identify the evidence it relied upon. I continue to dispute this transaction because I did not initiate or authorize it. I am requesting that Chime conduct a thorough investigation consistent with its obligations under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and Regulation E. I also request that Chime provide the documents and evidence it relied upon in denying my claim, including any device information, IP addresses, authentication records, login history, or other information used to determine that the transaction was authorized. I believe my claim was improperly denied and respectfully request reimbursement for the unauthorized {$1000.00} transfer if the investigation confirms it was unauthorized.
I am filing this complaint regarding Cash Apps handling of my account after I became the victim of fraud. I believe Cash App has unfairly treated me as if I was responsible for fraudulent activity when I was actually the victim of a scam. On XX/XX/year>, I was contacted by individuals impersonating Cash App/bank representatives. The caller appeared legitimate and used information that made me believe I was communicating with a real financial institution representative. As a result of this scam, my account was compromised and funds were taken from my account. Once I realized I had been defrauded, I immediately reported the incident to Cash App and cooperated with their investigation. I provided the information requested and explained that I was the victim of fraud. After reporting the fraud, I was informed that my Cash App account had been deactivated due to an alleged violation of Cash Apps Terms of Service. I immediately appealed this decision because I did not knowingly violate any Cash App rules and believe the account activity was the result of being deceived by scammers. My appeal was submitted, but my account remains deactivated. The issue I am most concerned about is that Cash App has refused to provide any clear explanation of what specific action I supposedly took that violated their Terms of Service. I have repeatedly asked for clarification, but I have not been told what conduct caused my account closure. I understand financial companies must have fraud prevention measures, but I believe it is unfair to permanently restrict a customers account without providing any meaningful explanation, especi ally when that customer reported being the victim of fraud. I am requesting that Cash App : Conduct a complete review of my account deactivation. Provide a clear explanation of the reason my accoun t was closed, including the specific policy allegedly violated, if allowed under their policies. Correct any inaccurate fraud findings associated with my account. Restore my account if the investigation confirms I was a victim of fraud and did not violate the Terms of Service. Provide instructions for recovering any remaining funds or account access if the account can not be restored. I have attempted to resolve this matter directly with Cash App, including submitting an appeal, but I have not received a satisfactory explanation or resolution. I respectfully request assistance from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in helping me receive a fair review and response from Cash App.
I have a savings account as well as the ability to borrow cash. I borrowed cash this morning, and it was immediately sent to my debit card. Then I tried to go to my savings account and also transfer that money. I was told I needed to reverify the debit card I had just received an advance from. When I went to reverify the card I just used, I was told I would need to repay the loan I just borrowed BEFORE I could access the money that was in my savings account. I contacted XXXX to get this fixed as I just used the card so clearly its valid. But their solution was to repay the loan and the loan charge and then reverify the card then I could take another loan. That would mean they got {$8.00} because they set their system up in a way that makes no sense. If the card is valid to borrow money, its valid to receive money. There was no indication that the card needed to be reverified when I was borrowing the cash.
I am filing an official complaint against XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. ( operating via their program partner, Chime ) for facilitating criminal extortion and harboring illicit funds. I was targeted by a government impersonator who used XXXX coercion and threats of imminent arrest to force me to deposit [ {$2800.00} ] in cash at a XXXX register. The XXXX receipt explicitly states the transaction was processed directly through the Chime XXXX XXXX ( Retail Load ) network. Chime Member Services refused to assist, falsely claiming they have no control over cash transactions. However, because this was processed as a XXXX XXXX XXXX, The XXXX XXXX acts as the primary money transmitter and receiving repository. I have an active criminal file open under XXXX XXXX Police Department XXXX XXXX [ XXXX ]. I demand that The XXXX XXXX immediately freeze the receiving Chime account holding these stolen funds, flag it for XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX violations, and issue a full reversal of this coerced retail deposit.
XX/XX/XXXX there was an email sent from chime bank bank account. I ignored it cause I dont have an account with them on XX/XX/XXXX. My payroll information was changed and my payroll check went into a Chime account when I went to find out where my money was and how to get it back they claim they close the account and they can not give me the money back. My payroll department have called them. Theyve been very incorporated with them they put us on hold. Theyve hung up on us. I have actually worked for two weeks and have not received a check and they refuse to give my account they close the account but I have no information about the account. They refuse to open it or give me any information the amount is {$1200.00}.
Complaint Regarding XXXX Transfer # XXXX and Missing Usable Access to Refunded Funds To Whom It May Concern, I am filing this complaint regarding XXXX transfer # XXXX in the amount of {$700.00} USD, intended for a XXXX EUR transfer. The transfer was canceled, and XXXX has stated that a refund was processed. However, as of the date of this complaint, I do not have usable access to the {$700.00} from the canceled transfer. The issue is not simply whether a credit appears somewhere in the transaction history. The issue is that my Ally Bank account shows a XXXX credit for {$700.00} on XX/XX/2026, followed later the same day by a XXXX debit for the same {$700.00} amount. The later debit removed the same amount after the refund appeared, leaving me without usable access to the funds I expected to have restored after cancellation. XXXX has provided inconsistent explanations. One XXXX representative previously stated that the first refund attempt failed due to a technical routing issue on XXXX side and that the refund was later re-sent. A later XXXX representative then stated that there was no failed refund attempt and that the prior explanation was misinformation. XXXX has now provided a refund XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. However, XXXX has not explained why a XXXX debit for the same amount posted after the refund credit or provided proof that I was actually restored usable access to the funds. XXXX latest position appears to be that the later {$700.00} debit was the settlement of the original card payment, while the {$700.00} credit was the refund. If that is true, then Ally Bank should be able to verify the original authorization date/time, settlement details, and whether the later XXXX debit was tied to an earlier authorization or was a separate/new presentment. I have asked for that information because the timestamps available to me do not support XXXX explanation on their own. My visible records show the XXXX refund/credit posting before the later XXXX debit . I am requesting assistance in requiring XXXX and/or Ally Bank to provide a complete, traceable explanation of what happened to the {$700.00} and where those funds are currently available to me, if they claim the refund was completed. Key details : Consumer : XXXX XXXX Merchant / Transfer Provider : XXXX XXXX : Ally Bank Transfer Number : # XXXX Amount : {$700.00} USD Intended Recipient Currency Amount : XXXX EUR XXXXXXXX Refund ARN : XXXX XXXX stated payment received : XX/XX/2026 at XXXX XXXX Relevant posted activity : XX/XX/2026 XXXX credit for {$700.00} followed by XX/XX/ XXXX XXXX debit for {$700.00} Requested resolution : 1. Require XXXX to provide a final corrected written timeline of the transfer, cancellation, original payment authorization, settlement, and refund. 2. Require XXXX to explain why the {$700.00} XXXX debit posted after the {$700.00} XXXX refund/credit. XXXX. Require XXXX to confirm whether the later debit was a settlement of a prior authorization or a separate/new presentment. 4. Require XXXX to provide all available settlement/reference information related to the {$700.00} debit. 5. Require Ally Bank to trace XXXX XXXX and confirm the exact transaction tied to that XXXX. 6. Require Ally Bank to confirm whether the later {$700.00} XXXX debit was tied to an earlier authorization or was a new/separate authorization or presentment. 7. Require Ally Bank to provide the original authorization date/time, authorization code, hold history, release/settlement timing, and whether more than one XXXX authorization or presentment occurred. 8. Require either XXXX or Ally Bank to identify where the {$700.00} is currently available to me as usable funds. XXXX. If neither company can prove that the funds were restored to my usable balance, require reimbursement of {$700.00}. 10. Require correction of any error and written confirmation of the final resolution. I have attached my XXXX correspondence, XXXX refund XXXX information, Ally Bank statement, and transaction history showing the relevant activity. This matter has caused financial harm because I canceled the transfer expecting the funds to be restored, but I still do not have usable access to the {$700.00}. I am asking for a formal investigation and a clear written resolution. Sincerely, XXXX XXXX
Complaint Against Cash App ( Block , Inc. ) On XXXX XXXX XXXX, at approximately XXXX XXXX., I attempted to send {$100.00} via Cash App to my friend, XXXX XXXX, as payment for a used XXXX cordless drill set. Unfortunately, I mistakenly selected the wrong Cash App account because the account holder had the exact same name. My friends Cash App handle is XXXX XXXXXXXX. The account I accidentally sent the payment to was XXXX XXXXXXXX. I had no relationship with the recipient and had never intended to send money to that account. Within approximately 10 minutes of sending the payment, I realized my mistake. I immediately attempted to stop the transaction, submitted a refund request through Cash App, and opened a dispute with Cash App XXXX. Rather than assisting me in recovering a payment that had been reported almost immediately, Cash App instructed me to contact the unintended recipient directly and ask them to return the money. This was not a reasonable solution because I did not know the recipient, had no way to contact them outside of Cash App, and Cash App refused to provide any identifying or contact information due to its privacy policies. Over the following days and weeks, I repeatedly contacted Cash App seeking assistance. My disputes were repeatedly denied based solely on the fact that the payment originated from my device. I have never disputed that I initiated the payment. My complaint is that Cash App failed to properly investigate the circumstances surrounding the mistaken payment and repeatedly refused to address the issues I raised. Cash App also informed me that the recipient could not return my money through Cash App for reasons they would not disclose. At the same time, they continued to tell me that I should contact the recipient and ask them to send the money back another way. This advice was impossible to follow because I had no means of contacting the unintended recipient, and Cash App refused to explain why the refund could not be completed through its own platform. Cash Apps transaction history now states : Refund request declined XXXX declined your refund request. However, during my communications with Cash App Support, I was also informed that the recipient had not logged into or used their Cash App account in years. These two statements appear inconsistent. If the recipient had not accessed the account, I request that Cash App explain how the refund request could have been personally declined and provide the date, time, and method by which that decline occurred. Cash Apps own Terms of Service state : P2P Payments not claimed by a Recipient fifteen ( 15 ) days after the processing has begun will be canceled automatically. We will attempt to return any unclaimed, refused, refunded, prohibited, or denied P2P Payment to your Cash App Balance or Linked Account, as applicable. Despite repeatedly raising this provision with Cash App, its representatives have either ignored it or incorrectly stated that this is not part of their Terms of Service. Instead of addressing the contractual language, they repeatedly instructed me to open a new claim or simply repeated that the payment originated from my device. At no point has Cash App explained why this provision does not apply to my transaction or provided evidence that the recipient actually claimed or accepted the payment. They have also failed to explain the contradiction between their statement that the recipient had not used the account and their later representation that the recipient declined my refund request. I am requesting that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau require Cash App to : 1. Conduct a meaningful investigation instead of issuing form-letter denials. 2. Explain, in writing, why its published Terms of Service regarding unclaimed payments do not apply to my transaction. 3. Provide evidence showing when and how the recipient accepted or claimed the funds. 4. Provide evidence showing when and how the recipient allegedly declined my refund request. 5. Explain why I was instructed to contact a recipient whom Cash App knew I had no ability to contact and why they advised me to seek repayment outside of their own payment platform. 6. Refund my {$100.00} if Cash App can not demonstrate that its handling of this transaction complied with its own published Terms of Service and dispute procedures. This complaint is not about denying that I mistakenly initiated the payment. It is about Cash Apps failure to follow its own published policies, failure to provide a meaningful investigation, failure to address the specific contractual provisions I cited, and repeated refusal to provide clear and consistent explanations regarding the status of my funds.
I scheduled my payment with the XXXX XXXX XXXX as I have for several years for the credit card due date of XXXX XXXX XXXX When I received my current bill, I was charged a late fee and an interest on the credit card amount. My bank shows that the bill was processed and delivered on the due date. I contacted the credit card company and I got an automatic reversal of the late fee but they refused to refund the interest. Their answer was that it didn't matter that it was delivered on time because their system didn't process it until XX/XX/XXXX. That does not make sense. Especially where this was not the first time but one of many times I have scheduled the payment in this manner for several years without issue.
I closed by account with Acorns in XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX Since then, I have received emails every month containing deceptive subject lines. The subject lines of the emails is in violation of the CAN-SPAM act, as it contains a misleading subject line as follows : " We're investing {$20.00} in your Acorns account ''. The CAN-SPAM act states that an email header can not be misleading, regardless of email body contents. It infers that I still have an open account with them when I do not. They have sent these emails several times a month since I closed my account last year. I have called Acorns repeatedly to request the emails to stop and they continue sending them. I would like Acorn 's deceptive marketing practice investigated as it is a violation of the law. The company is Acorns and their website address is www.acorns.com. They provide an investing platform. I have attached a copy of the most recent email to this report.
To Whom It May Concern, I am filing this complaint because Cash App repeatedly failed to properly process my dispute requests despite multiple contacts with its customer support team. As a result, only a small fraction of the transactions I requested to dispute were actually submitted for investigation, while the majority were never disputed despite my repeated instructions. I discovered numerous transactions on my Cash App account that I did not recognize. These transactions appeared under many different merchant names, including. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. XXXX XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX Because the charges appeared under different billing descriptors, I had no reason to believe they were connected. After conducting my own investigation, I obtained evidence showing that these merchants that are unknown to me and I never did business with are all directly associated with the XXXX XXXX XXXX platform. When I contacted XXXX XXXX VIP Support, the representative ultimately confirmed that XXXX is one of its merchants and explained that the company uses multiple payment providers, causing merchant names to vary on customers ' bank statements. This explains why related transactions appeared under different merchant names My Attempts to Dispute the Transactions I made every reasonable effort to dispute these transactions through Cash App. I contacted Cash App four separate times requesting that disputes be opened for all of the transactions. Two requests were made by telephone. Two requests were made through Cash App 's chat support. I intentionally did not use the dispute feature within the Cash App application because it requires each transaction to be disputed individually. Given the extremely large number of transactions involved, disputing each charge one at a time would have been unnecessarily burdensome and time-consuming. Instead, I contacted Cash App directly so that all of the related transactions could be submitted together. During my telephone calls, I specifically instructed the representatives to dispute every transaction associated with the merchant names I provided. During my chat conversations, I submitted the same request in writing, specifically identifying the merchants and requesting that disputes be opened for all of those transactions. I wanted a written record of my request to avoid any misunderstanding regarding the scope of the disputes. On more than one occasion, Cash App representatives informed me that the disputes had been opened. However, after reviewing my account, I discovered that Cash App had only opened disputes for a small subset of the transactions I requested. The overwhelming majority of the transactions were never submitted for investigation. Improper Denial of Two Disputes Cash App also denied two of my disputes for reasons that did not address the issues I reported. One dispute was denied because Cash App stated that it could not investigate transactions involving cryptocurrency or NFTs. I never knowingly purchased cryptocurrency or NFTs. Cash App did not explain why the transaction was classified as cryptocurrency, identify what cryptocurrency was allegedly purchased, or provide any evidence supporting that conclusion. Another dispute was denied because Cash App stated it could not investigate until the merchant had been given fifteen days after cancellation of a service or return of a product. That explanation did not apply to my dispute. I was not requesting a refund because I returned merchandise or canceled a subscription. I reported transactions that I did not recognize and requested that Cash App investigate them. Requiring me to return a product or wait after canceling a service did not address the actual nature of my complaint. My Concerns My concern extends beyond the denial of two disputes. Despite contacting Cash App four separate times, clearly explaining the situation, providing the merchant names, and submitting my request both verbally and in writing, Cash App failed to process the disputes I requested. I relied on the representations made by Cash App 's customer service representatives that my disputes had been submitted. Only later did I discover that many of the transactions had never been disputed at all. As a result, I have been forced to spend significant additional time attempting to correct an issue that should have been resolved when I first contacted Cash App.
On XX/XX/year> i filed bankruptcy and had listed Cashapp as part of that debt. Since then they have continued to withdraw payments from my bank account despite the protection process in regard to the bankruptcy. I have called 3 seperate times and have been hung up on. I have emailed twice with no response.
I FILED XXXX disputes with XXXX XXXX XXXX and it strongly appears that Wells Fargo Bank is doing everything possible to dismiss my disputes by hanging up the phone on me and not calling back or leaving me on hold and refuse to take my dispute. I was given dispute numbers : XXXX and dispute number : XXXX. I have XXXX XXXX my entire left side of my body is weak Especially my left leg, I have XXXX in both eyescwuth XXXX XXXX ny left eye, i had XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and XXXX rXXXX XXXX XXXX and I Currently have a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. I have XXXX XXXX XXXX at the back, XXXX XXXX and i get XXXX XXXX. I requested a refund because XXXX XXXX XXXX forced me to walk from gate XXXX to gate right and refused to provide me with a wheelchair despite my MULTIPLE request for a wheelchair. XXXX XXXX XXXX lost my luggage FOR XXXX days and returned my luggage after I was forced to wear the same clothes for XXXX-day and XXXX XXXX XXXX had my medication for XXXX. I tried to add this information, but Wellls Fargo Bank repeatedly hung up the phone on me on XXXX separate occasions and did not call me back. I strongly believe that Wells Fargo bank is going to rubber stamp my complaint or dismiss it. Now Wells Fargo Bank is alleging : We need information from you about your dispute Dispute Number : XXXX Date Posted : XX/XX/year> Merchant Name : XXXX Amount of Transaction : XXXX Card Number : XXXX Status : Call Us Dispute Number : XXXX Date Posted : XX/XX/year> Merchant Name : XXXX XXXX Amount of Transaction : XXXX Card Number : XXXX Status : Call Us Eeach time j call, Wells Fargo B and hang up on me. I was charged almost {$30.00} for XXXX plain hamburgers with no cheese, no drink and plain fries. I disputed a hotel that cuts off the air conditioning and did not fix the problem and left me in a very hot roo
My wife XXXX XX/XX/XXXX I waited XXXX days like my state law then I sent it to XXXX XXXX they received a small claims affidavit and a death certificate when I called them they said that it was in XXXX so months passed so I checked with the state of Arkansas it had not been file through the state so I called them back they claimed their XXXX that is what they call it but they can not give me no information about the account it is in their XXXX department. In XXXX they requested those papers again so I mailed them again. XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX They got the papers XX/XX/XXXX I call them they give me the run around they are not giving no information. I am XXXX XXXX my address is XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Arkansas XXXX my e-mail is XXXX My home phone is XXXX
In early XXXX I shut down my secured credit card, at TD Bank. The secured credit card had a " XXXX XXXX '' balance because one of my purchases was refunded, this lead to my account being in a surplus. 2 to 3 months later they sent me XXXX XXXX back and showed on my account that everything was fully paid off. Then they shut down my account without giving back the XXXX deposit. I, on XX/XX/2026, called them and they confirmed it was a mistake and that I had everything paid off. The customer service operator told me they were fixing it and to call them back in 7 days if it wasn't resolved. 7 days later it was never resolved. I called them back again on XX/XX/XXXX but the waiting time was over 1+ hours. I decided to wait for 1+ hours and still never got ahold of a operator.
I am a XXXX XXXX XXXX whose {$140000.00} was extracted from my payment processor account ( XXXX XXXX program ) through a defective American Express chargeback review process. A single cardholder filed XXXX chargebacks in XXXX coordinated waves over XXXX days ( XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/year> ), all coded XXXX ( Product Unacceptable ), targeting a XXXX-month service engagement during which he filed XXXX complaints, made XXXX written upgrade requests voluntarily increasing his weekly spend, and stated in writing that " revenue is definitely on the uptick. '' He admitted in writing on XX/XX/year> that he " did not have the funds on hand '' establishing financial inability to pay, not a service dispute. PROCEDURAL VIOLATION : XXXX disputes filed XX/XX/year> had merchant evidence windows open through approximately XXXX XXXX XXXX. American Express decided all three on XX/XX/year> XXXX to XXXX days before the evidence windows closed. A decision rendered before the merchant evidence period ends is not a review. BULK AUTOMATED PROCESSING : All XXXX disputes filed across XXXX separate dates, with evidence submitted on XXXX different dates, were decided on the exact same day ( XX/XX/year> ). No individual review of XXXX separate dispute files could be completed in XXXX day. THIRD-PARTY VALIDATION : XXXX XXXX XXXX stated in writing : " The documentation you have put together across these disputes is thorough and specific. The evidence speaks for itself. '' XXXX then denied arbitration, stating Amex 's decisions are binding and no escalation path exists. I have no appeal mechanism. {$140000.00} has been fully reversed to the cardholder with no merits review of submitted evidence. I request : ( XXXX ) human review of all XXXX disputes ; ( XXXX ) reversal of the XXXX decisions rendered before evidence windows closed ; ( XXXX ) CFPB investigation into Amex 's automated bulk-denial process for XXXX merchants.
I am filing a complaint regarding Wells Fargo 's handling of unauthorized transactions on my debit/credit card account. I discovered charges from an app or service that I did not authorize. When I reported the transactions, Wells Fargo informed me that the purchases were made through a digital wallet and denied my fraud claim. However, I do not recognize these transactions, I did not authorize them, and I can not find these purchases in any digital wallet account that I own or use. Wells Fargo has not provided sufficient evidence showing that I authorized these transactions. Simply stating that a digital wallet was used does not prove that I made the purchases. I requested additional information regarding the investigation, including details about the digital wallet enrollment, the device used, and the basis for their decision, but I have not received a satisfactory explanation. Additionally, during my attempt to discuss the denial and seek clarification, the Wells Fargo representative disconnected the call without resolving my concerns. I am requesting that Wells Fargo : Reopen and reinvestigate my fraud claim. Provide all documentation and evidence used to deny my claim. Identify the digital wallet allegedly used, including when the card was added and the device information associated with it. Explain how they determined that the transactions were authorized by me. Refund any transactions determined to be unauthorized. I believe the investigation was incomplete and that my dispute was improperly denied. I am requesting assistance in obtaining a fair review of my claim and a detailed explanation of the bank 's findings. Thank you for your assistance.
Unauthorized XXXX Advertising Charges Timeline On XX/XX/XXXX, my business XXXX account was compromised by an unauthorized individual. The hacker gained control of my account, changed my account information, and began running unauthorized XXXX advertising campaigns using my linked payment method. Before I completely lost access to my account, I was able to capture screenshots of one of the fraudulent advertisements that had been created by the hacker. On XX/XX/XXXX, after the hacker changed my account information, XXXX locked me out of my business account entirely. From that point forward, I no longer had access to manage my account, stop the fraudulent activity, or prevent additional unauthorized charges. As the unauthorized advertising charges continued, I repeatedly attempted to work with XXXX to resolve the issue. On XX/XX/XXXX, I also mailed XXXX a formal demand letter requesting reimbursement for the fraudulent charges and assistance restoring my account. XXXX eventually refunded only three of the unauthorized advertising transactions. However, XXXX unauthorized XXXX advertising charges remain unresolved. On XX/XX/XXXX, after receiving little assistance from XXXX, I contacted XXXX XXXX 's office and requested constituent assistance in resolving both the account takeover and the unauthorized advertising charges. I also disputed the unauthorized transactions with Wells Fargo, explaining that my XXXX account had been hacked and that I did not authorize the advertising charges. Despite providing notice of the fraud, Wells Fargo closed my dispute without requesting any supporting documentation or evidence from me. I possess substantial evidence supporting my claim, including : Screenshots of fraudulent advertisements created by the hacker. Documentation showing I was locked out of my XXXX account after the account information was changed. Records of my communications with XXXX. A copy of the demand letter sent to XXXX. Evidence of XXXX 's partial refunds, demonstrating XXXX recognized at least some of the charges as unauthorized. Records of my dispute with Wells Fargo. Additional documentation showing the remaining charges were unauthorized. As of today, I have finally regained access to my XXXX account. However, I continue to seek reimbursement for the remaining unauthorized advertising charges and believe the Wells Fargo investigation was inadequate because I was never asked to provide the evidence supporting my fraud claim before the dispute was denied.
I've had the same issue with Wells Fargo stealing money and when I call them they refund the money. However they're saying I owe them for a reversal credit of my own money. They did not give me any credits because it was my money removed by then. I've never had a XXXX account and they keep saying its some type of XXXX skip trace to where someone can take money out of my accounts. Corporate claimed that they fixed the problem but now they're removing money again saying they overpaid me but they didn't they reverse my money and called it a temporary credit but it's not because it's my money that they replaced. I did not receive any extra credits from them at all. I reviewed my account and there was not any extra money received.
I got a email stating they were doing a routine security check so they restricted my account on XXXX XXXX .. I havent received no updates about why and when my account will be restored. Im unable to use my funds in my account, also was told they dont know when the review will finish
Every time i pay a large chunk of the card balance down, the following month they reduce my credit balance. Thus then the following month making my credit go down. No other cards have done this. And they solely are responsibly for tanking my credit score then causing the domino effect. Every time I pay XXXX dollars they then reduce my limit to that. Unethical at best.
On XXXX XXXX XXXX at around XXXX XXXX, I was depositing cash into a Chase branch ATM. ( Location : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) I deposited {$3000.00} in XXXXXXXX XXXX bills, then selected make another deposit. I then deposited an additional {$5200.00} in cash, and concluded the transaction. The receipt and machine only credited {$5200.00} to my account, not including the first {$3000.00}. As of now, XXXX XXXX is missing from my checking account. I filed a claim with Chase, which was denied, and a second claim that the branch filed was also denied. My request for security camera footage was denied, as well. I have the receipt from the transaction which shows {$5200.00}, and is $ XXXX short.
My credit card account was automatically moved from XXXX to Citibank against my choice during a corporate transition. I never asked to switch banks. Citibank is now charging me an annual fee on an account I can not even log into. Their customer service lines are completely unhelpful. I want Citibank to immediately either downgrade my account to their no-annual-fee option or close this account completely and fully refund/waive any annual fees charged to me. I refuse to pay a fee to a bank I did not choose.
I was approved for a Capital One credit card over a month ago, but I have been unable XXXX use the card because my account is still stuck in identity verification. Capital One is requesting proof of residency in the form of a bank statement showing my full account number, name, XXXX address. My bank does not provide statements with the full account number, but they are able XXXX provide an official letter on bank letterhead verifying my information. Capital One wont accept this alternative. On the other hand they ask for a utility bill which I can not provide because XXXX still living with parents XXXX can not be added on XXXX the bills. They have told me thats all they can think of XXXX good luck on my situation. I have contacted Capital One customer service more than XXXX times XXXX have received different answers from different XXXX. During my most recent call, I was placed on hold for over an hour XXXX was then told they did not know what went wrong XXXX that I would need XXXX try again. I have been unable XXXX get a clear resolution or a list of acceptable alternative documents. I am requesting that Capital One review my verification case, provide a clear solution for completing verification, XXXX allow me XXXX access the credit card account I was already approved for.
I had XXXX in fraud charges with apex trader funding and take profit trader on my chime bank account I never done business with them someone fraud used my card I submitted a claim with chime and they instantly denied my claim with no explanation I requested their investigate file and they failed to respond whatsoever
I reported fraudulent transactions on my account and was issued a provisional credit while the bank investigated. On XX/XX/year>, the bank reversed the credit in the amount of {$370.00} and labeled it CARD REVERSAL OF CREDIT XXXX. I do not agree with the banks decision and do not believe I received an adequate explanation or evidence showing that I authorized the transaction ( s ). The transactions were fraudulent, and I promptly reported them to the bank. I am requesting that the bank provide the documentation supporting its decision to reverse the credit and conduct a proper investigation. I am asking that the bank restore the {$370.00} to my account if it can not prove that I authorized the transaction ( s ) or that it complied with its obligations when investigating my fraud claim.
Company : Self Financial / Self XXXX Secured Credit Card ( issued by Lead Bank ) I am filing this complaint because Self Financial and/or Lead Bank has failed to return my {$500.00} secured credit card deposit after closing my account, despite repeated assurances that the funds would be refunded. At the end of XX/XX/year>, I applied for a Self XXXX Secured Credit Card issued by XXXX Bank. My {$500.00} security deposit was withdrawn from my checking account on XX/XX/scrub>XXXX XXXX XXXX I subsequently received confirmation by email that my account had been funded, approved, and was ready for use. On XX/XX/scrub>5, 2026, after my account had already been funded and activated, I was notified that additional enhanced due diligence was required. I promptly complied with the initial request by providing a copy of my drivers license and a recent bank statement. After submitting those documents, I was informed that even more personal information was required. I was not comfortable providing the additional information requested. As a result, I elected to close the account. After multiple requests, I received confirmation that my account would be closed effective XX/XX/year>, and that my full {$500.00} security deposit would be returned. To date, my deposit has not been refunded. I have made countless phone calls seeking the return of my funds. During these conversations, I have been told that if I want to expedite the return of my own money, I must first provide the same additional personal information that I previously declined to provide in order to keep the account open. I believe it is inappropriate and potentially unfair to condition the return of my security deposit on providing additional information after I have already closed the account. No representative has been able to tell me when my funds will be returned or even guarantee that they will be returned. I never activated or used the credit card to make any purchases, and my account has always carried a {$0.00} balance. There are no outstanding charges or obligations that would justify withholding my security deposit. I am requesting that the CFPB require Self Financial and Lead Bank to : * Immediately return my full {$500.00} security deposit via ACH to the same checking account from which it was withdrawn. * Provide a written explanation for why my funds have been withheld after my account was closed. * Explain the legal and contractual basis, if any, for conditioning the return of my security deposit on providing additional personal information after account closure. * Review whether the companys practices regarding withholding consumer security deposits are consistent with applicable consumer protection laws and regulations. This matter has caused unnecessary financial hardship and frustration. I have acted in good faith, complied with initial identity verification requests, closed the account before ever using the card, and have spent weeks attempting to recover my own funds. I respectfully request the CFPBs assistance in obtaining the immediate return of my {$500.00} deposit.
In XX/XX/XXXX I entered into a countertop installation contract with XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Order # XXXX paying a deposit of {$1400.00} on XX/XX/XXXX and a final payment of {$4100.00} on XX/XX/XXXX totaling {$5600.00} on my Wells Fargo Visa card. I filed two billing disputes with Wells Fargo on both transactions based on two grounds. First undisclosed charges. XXXX 's added a trip charge and re-measure fee to my contract through a change order months after signing. The full-height backsplash that triggers these fees was included in XXXXXXXX XXXX own original design quote dated XX/XX/XXXX XXXX day before I signed the contract on XX/XX/XXXX. XXXXXXXX XXXX knew these fees would apply from day one but never disclosed them at the point of sale. I have documentary evidence of this including XXXX XXXX own original design quote with the backsplash specifications. Second misrepresentation. XXXXXXXX XXXX designer presented a national promotional discount as an exclusive additional savings to induce me to cancel an active competitor contract. I paid {$730.00} more at XXXXXXXX XXXX than I would have paid at the competitor based on that misrepresentation. I have the designer 's own email documenting this representation and both contracts showing the price difference. I submitted extensive supporting documentation to Wells Fargo including the original XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXesign quote showing the backsplash pre-contract, the designer 's misrepresentation email, the competitor contract, the change order showing the undisclosed charges, electrician and plumbing invoices for corrective work caused by XXXXXXXX XXXX failures, and timeline documentation showing the project was delayed five months beyond what was represented. Wells Fargo declined dispute # XXXX for {$1400.00} citing time limitations. Wells Fargo declined dispute # XXXX for {$4100.00} citing unmet Visa and XXXX requirements without specifying which requirements were missing or what additional documentation was needed to meet them. When I requested clarification Wells Fargo did not provide specific information about what was missing. I requested reconsideration and escalation of both disputes. Wells Fargo has not reopened either dispute or provided a path to resolution. The merchant 's final compensation offer is {$550.00} on a project totaling {$5600.00} that involved sixteen documented installation errors over six months, a formal XXXX accommodation request ignored for 55 days, and out of pocket costs exceeding {$1500.00} for work the merchant was paid to perform. A Washington State Attorney General complaint was filed and the merchant 's {$550.00} offer was characterized as amicable resolution. I am requesting CFPB intervention to require Wells Fargo to properly investigate both disputes, provide specific information about what documentation requirements were not met for dispute # XXXX, and reopen both disputes for full reconsideration based on the documentary evidence submitted.
I did not authorize any XXXX transactions and do not have a XXXX account. Multiple unauthorized XXXX charges totaling approximately {$2600.00} appeared on my account, all occurring within minutes of each other. These charges are the result of fraud stemming from a phone scam. I had received a call asking for sensitive personal information including the last XXXX digits of my Social Security number and the card number linked to my XXXX account. Approximately XXXX minutes after that call, the unauthorized XXXX transactions began hitting my account. I had already contacted XXXX and XXXX in an attempt to resolve the issue. I previously called Cash App and was advised to wait until the transactions were no longer pending before calling back to have them disputed. I am requesting a full refund of all unauthorized XXXX charges. Cash App already approved one transaction from this identical merchant and date, validating that fraud occurred. Cash App is violating Regulation E by failing to protect me from unauthorized electronic fund transfers.
I am filing a formal complaint against Synchrony Bank for its failure to properly investigate a XXXX food safety merchant dispute regarding a dine-in transaction on XX/XX/year>, for the amount of {$360.00} ( Dispute IDs XXXX and XXXX ). The bank reversed my temporary credit and closed the dispute in favor of the merchant. Their decision was based entirely on a generic, automated template provided by the restaurant, which claimed that " no complaints were made on-site '' and that the " quality concern occurred prior to signing the certificate of completion ''. This ruling is medically and logically absurd. Foodborne pathogens require an incubation period ; it is physically impossible for a consumer to detect contamination or experience symptoms during the meal.The facts of the event are as follows : The Outbreak : Out of a party of seven diners, three separate individuals became violently ill within hours of consuming the food ( XXXX with XXXX XXXX XXXX, and one with XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX ) .Attempt to Resolve : The merchant falsely claimed to the bank that I made " no attempt to resolve '' the issue. I spoke directly to the restaurant 's manager, XXXX, on XX/XX/year>. She explicitly refused to cooperate or issue a refund and verbally instructed me to file a credit card dispute instead. Unreviewed Evidence : I uploaded comprehensive supporting documentation to the bank during the dispute processincluding detailed transaction receipts, timestamped medical-grade photographs of the physical illness, and written text message testimonies from the other sick family members. Synchrony Bank completely ignored this physical evidence, choosing instead to favor a boilerplate retail template. Public Health Risk : Public review records show a documented, recurring pattern of other independent parties experiencing group food poisoning and sanitation issues ( such as roaches on the food ) at this exact establishment.Synchrony Bank failed to perform a basic, good-faith investigation into a clear-cut food safety event. I request a manual human audit of the evidence already provided and a permanent credit of {$360.00}
I am filing this formal complaint against Money Network due to a severe, consistent pattern of predatory customer service practices, deceptive hold times, and the unlawful denial of access to my account information regarding my California EDD Disability Insurance card.Money Network is actively preventing me from managing my account and accessing my state-mandated benefits through the following administrative barriers : Denial of Account Information : Money Network agents and their automated systems have repeatedly blocked me from accessing my basic account details, transaction history, and balance information. This prevents me from verifying my funds or tracking potential fraud.Abusive Hold Times & Intentional Hang-Ups : I have consistently been forced to wait on hold for hours at a time. When I finally reach a live representative, the agents routinely hang up on me instead of addressing my issue, forcing me to call back and restart the hours-long queue.Horrible Treatment : The customer service staff is obstructive, hostile, and completely unhelpful, showing a systemic refusal to escalate unresolved issues or verify my identity to unlock my funds. Todays call was regarding a check you issued to me for XXXX approx. I cashed it recently and now kicked back taking other funds and creating a mess at another banking institution. Why would you issue me a bad check. Please fix this immediately. Then I had a whole other issue of a fraud with my account I was told I could not be assisted at this time. WHAT?!
Cash App closed my account for gambling and did not properly let me know about my appeal
End of XX/XX/year> i received a credit card and notification of a personal and a business checking account opened in my name, all with Wells Fargo bank. I immediately froze my credit with all three agencies, and requested that the bank close all fraudulent accounts in my name and provide me with all documentation, forms, details used by the fraudulent entity to open those accounts. I have not been given the information which is a legal right under 609 ( e ). Moreover, I have been told that the business account, with a DBA in the account holder name, was opened successfully online using my personal information, without requesting an in-person visit at a branch to verify the identity. This violates XXXX requirements by the bank, and has put my personal credit and banking history at risk. Wells Fargo will not help me to chase down the information that was used, in particular any information or state/govt documents related to the fictitious company in my name that was used to fraudulently open the business account. How can this happen online with only a small amount of personal information and with the bank never looking to verify the identity? Please investigate what happened here and the level of negligence in screening of online applications for opening accounts at Wells Fargo. Also please investigate why my section 609 ( e ) request is being stonewalled.
Between XX/XX/year> and XX/XX/year>, I sent {$780.00} via PayPal to merchants operating illegal gambling sites, including XXXX XXXX and XXXX. These transactions violate XXXX policy code XXXX, which prohibits processing illegal gambling transactions. XXXX XXXX blocked my account when I tried to withdraw winnings. XXXX claimed my account was " hacked '' and stole my balance. PayPal processed these payments through XXXXXXXX XXXX Florida Statute 849.08 makes this illegal gambling. PayPal violated their own Acceptable Use Policy and XXXX rules.
Several months ago I received an unsolicited Wells Fargo debit card in the mail bearing my full name at my home address. When I attempted to activate it, the Wells Fargo app said there was nothing to activate. I noticed the card said 'Customer Since XXXX ' I have been a Wells Fargo customer for approximately XXXX years. I called Wells Fargo and was told the card was sent in error. I hand-delivered the card to a branch the next day. Following that, I received multiple letters at my home notifying me that XXXX access had been terminated on accounts I never opened, followed by a letter dated XX/XX/year> closing XXXX accounts ( citing unauthorized money transfers ) that I never opened. Wells Fargo 's own XXXX team identified and closed these accounts. Despite this, Wells Fargo continues to deliver mail to my home address belonging to another customer who shares my name. I have written XXXX formal letters and engaged in secure email correspondence resulting in XXXX separate case numbers : XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX. All XXXX cases were closed without corrective action. My request is simple : correct the mailing address on the other customer 's account in Wells Fargo 's own internal system so his mail stops coming to my address. Wells Fargo 's most recent response misread this as a request to disclose the other customer 's address to me, which is not what I asked. This situation has caused me months of XXXX XXXX, and XXXX XXXX. I am concerned that Wells Fargo correspondence arriving at my address in another person 's name can be used as fraudulent proof of identity at other financial institutions where I hold legitimate accounts. Wells Fargo has acknowledged the problem in writing but has taken no corrective action.
I am a victim of identity theft and credit card fraud. I have been disputing an account that was opened by XXXX by a bad actor who has reportedly provided false documentation to acquire the account. I was told that the fraud claim was denied on the basis that XXXX possessed a photo identification associated with the account. However, given my professional position and public online presence through my company, it would not be difficult for a bad actor to obtain sufficient personal information to create a fraudulent identification document. XXXX has provided XXXX ( a service I have to help resolve the identity theft perpetrated against me ) is now in possession of statements for the subject accounts spanning XX/XX/XXXX, through XX/XX/XXXX. The first three statements for the account ending in XXXX list the statement mailing address as XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, NV XXXX, which is not and has never been my residence. Nor do I have any knowledge of this address. Significantly, after the account number changes to an account ending in XXXX, the statements are suddenly directed to my actual address. This abrupt change raises serious questions regarding the account 's origination, ownership, and control during the period in which the disputed transactions occurred. The transaction activity itself is also highly indicative of fraud. The disputed charges are concentrated within a narrow one-week period between XX/XX/XXXX, and XX/XX/XXXX, after which the suspicious spending activity ceases. This pattern is inconsistent with normal consumer use of a legitimately opened credit card account. A bona fide cardholder typically establishes an ongoing pattern of purchases over time. By contrast, fraudsters commonly exploit an account for a brief period immediately after gaining access to it, making a series of rapid transactions before the activity is detected or the account is restricted. Taken together, the use of an unfamiliar mailing address, the subsequent address change to my legitimate residence, and the concentrated one-week burst of suspicious transactions strongly support the conclusion that the account was opened and/or used by an unauthorized individual rather than by myself. However, no matter that I continue to assert this account was neither requested nor authorized by me, XXXX continues to maintain that this is a valid account. While I have received confirmation of clearing on the original account #, XXXX continues to claim the validity of the new account that reflects the final balance on the old account.
I am filing a complaint against Chase Bank regarding their refusal XXXX investigate or assist with an impostor scam involving a XXXX transaction. On XX/XX/year>, I was targeted by an online impostor scam posing as a legitimate dog breeder on XXXX. I was fraudulently induced into sending a deposit of {$250.00} via XXXX, which is linked XXXX my Chase checking account. Immediately after the payment was completed, the scammer blocked all communication XXXX removed me from their page, confirming it was an impostor scam. I contacted Chase on XX/XX/year> XXXX report the fraud. Chase refused XXXX open a formal investigation or issue a fraud dispute. The XXXX stated that because I physically initiated the transaction, they would not assist, adding that they " treat XXXX like cash. '' Chase failed XXXX offer any recourse, such as issuing a XXXX XXXX through the XXXX network XXXX the receiving bank XXXX freeze the fraudulent funds or flag the destination account. Chase is hiding behind the technicality of the transaction being " authorized, '' despite the fact that it was a clear case of an impostor scam. I am requesting that Chase formally review this case, initiate a network recoupment, XXXX investigate the fraudulent recipient account XXXX protect consumers.
On XX/XX/year>, Chase Cardmember Services sent me a billing adjustment letter regarding a transaction dispute ( Claim ID : XXXX ) that contains a blatant mathematical and logical error. The total original transaction with XXXX XXXX was {$180.00}. The merchant legitimately and successfully refunded {$140.00} directly back to my account. Because that {$140.00} portion was already taken care of by the merchant, I filed a dispute with Chase solely for the remaining {$38.00}. The letter 's summary table correctly reflects my dispute amount as {$38.00}. However, in the " Here 's what happened '' section, Chase flags the merchant 's legitimate {$140.00} credit and blindly categorizes it as a " duplicate '' of my {$38.00} dispute. Because they mistakenly believe it is a duplicate, they have added a charge back onto my account for {$140.00}. A {$140.00} merchant credit can not be a duplicate of a {$38.00} dispute. The two amounts represent separate portions of the same {$180.00} transaction ( {$140.00} + {$38.00} = {$180.00} ). By clawing back the {$140.00}, Chase has erroneously forced me to pay for an amount that the merchant had already willingly and correctly refunded. I have called Chase customer service twice to resolve this clear administrative oversight : once on XX/XX/year>, and again on XX/XX/year>. During both calls, representatives acknowledged the mathematical discrepancy and stated it was being forwarded to a specialized department for a 48-hour resolution. Both 48-hour windows have passed, my statement cycle date is approaching on XX/XX/XXXX, and Chase has failed to reverse the incorrect {$140.00} charge.
" Chime closed my spending account and issued a refund of my remaining balance via a physical paper check in the amount of {$14000.00} ( issued by Chime 's partner bank, XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. ) .Due to a five-year-old flag on my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX profile, I am currently unbanked and am entirely excluded from traditional banking storefront services. Furthermore, because this corporate refund check is so large ( {$14000.00} ), it vastly exceeds the corporate transaction limits of all retail check-cashing storefronts, and mobile check-loading applications ( such as XXXX XXXX ) instantly reject it due to their hard {$5000.00} caps.I have contacted Chime customer support and explicitly explained to a supervisor that I am trapped holding a physical piece of paper that no commercial or automated system can legally process due to my systemic banking status. I requested that Chime void this paper check and distribute my funds via an alternative electronic methodsuch as an ACH direct deposit push to an active online account I maintain with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, both of which have no incoming electronic balance caps. Chime officially refused to assist me or offer any alternative method of electronic disbursement.By issuing a paper check that is impossible to cash given my background status, and subsequently refusing to provide a reasonable electronic alternative, Chime is effectively withholding {$14000.00} of my legal property. I am facing severe financial hardship because Chime is denying me access to my own funds. ''
RE : Demand for Permanent Suppression of XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX from All U.S. Bank Marketing and Prescreened Offer Databases I am the owner of the residential property located at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX CA XXXX, which I purchased approximately five years ago ( XXXX ). Since acquiring the property, U.S. Bank has continuously mailed credit solicitations to former occupants who have not resided at this address for over five years. The volume has escalated to approximately two solicitation letters per week, addressed to : XXXX. XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX ( mail piece reference : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX, CA XXXX ( mail piece reference : XXXX ; envelope marked " A Low XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) Neither individual resides at this property. Neither has resided here at any time during my five years of ownership. Efforts to resolve directly, all unsuccessful : I have returned these mailings marked " Return to Sender / Not at This Address '' on more than ten ( 10 ) occasions. I have telephoned U.S. Bank customer service numerous times over an extended period, specifically requesting that U.S. Bank cease mailing solicitations to former occupants at my address. On every call, representatives have stated that " nothing can be done '' and that my only recourse is to return the mail a remedy U.S. Bank knows or should know is futile, because these solicitations are sent via presorted Marketing Mail, which USPS does not return or process for address correction. U.S. Bank has therefore been on repeated actual notice that its mailing data for this address is inaccurate, and has refused to take any corrective action. Basis for this demand : First, to the extent these mailings are prescreened offers of credit under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681b ( c ), U.S. Bank is obtaining and using consumer report information tied to an address it has been told repeatedly is stale. Continuing to procure and use such data after years of actual notice of its inaccuracy is inconsistent with responsible use of prescreening and with the data hygiene expected of a national bank. Second, U.S. Bank 's refusal to provide any mechanism whatsoever to suppress a verified-inaccurate address after more than ten written returns and numerous phone requests constitutes an unfair practice within the meaning of the Consumer Financial Protection Act 's UDAAP standards, 12 U.S.C. 5531. The injury ( years of unwanted mailings, burden on a non-customer, and the mailing of credit offers bearing former occupants ' names and coded identifiers to strangers ) is not reasonably avoidable by me, as U.S. Bank itself has told me no avoidance mechanism exists. Third, mailing credit solicitations bearing individuals ' names and internal tracking identifiers to an address where they are known not to reside creates unnecessary risk of identity theft and mail-based credit fraud against U.S. Bank 's own prospective customers a risk U.S. Bank could eliminate with a simple suppression entry. Relief demanded : ( 1 ) Permanent suppression of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX, CA XXXX and any variant formatting of this address from all U.S. Bank marketing , solicitation, prescreening, and direct-mail databases, including lists procured from consumer reporting agencies, list brokers, and third-party marketing vendors ; ( 2 ) written confirmation to me that suppression has been completed ; and ( 3 ) identification of the department and contact responsible for maintaining the suppression should mailings resume.
On XXXX XXXX I sent a XXXX payment from my JP Morgan Checking Account ( Chase ) of {$230.00} at XXXX XXXX to a seller for event tickets advertised online. The tikets were never delivered.I realized the payment was fraudelent with 10 minutes, at XXXXXXXX XXXX and immedialty called Chase fraud department to report it. Chase fraud told me to contact XXXX direclty. When I called XXXX, they said they could not assist and directed me back to Chase fraud. The transaction remainded pending in my account for 2 business days before it posted.Despite reporting this within minutes of the tansaction and before it even settled, Chase denied my fraud claim. Chase denied my claim on the basis that the transaction was authorized. I am disputing this characterization - I authorized payment for tickets that were fraudulently misrepresented and never delivered. This is not a legitimate authorized transacton but one induced by deception, and I reported it within 10 minutes while still pending. I am disputing this denial because I was induced through fraudulent misprepresentation to send this payment- I paid for goods ( tickets ) that were never provided, which differs from a legitimate, authorized transacton. I reported the fraud almost immediately, while the payment was still pending, giving Chase an opportuity to intervene before funds settled.
The account # XXXX was active for several years ; however from the beginning, I could not access the statments. Synchrony decided to close my account for no apparent reason. They still insisted on payments to a closed account and would have representives call at all times of the day, harassing me. Finally, I was able to speak with a representative that was able to process my request for the statments of the account. When the statements arrived the information was redacted in the account column. The account ending XXXX is paid, minus the last payment to close the account {$54.00}. My other account " Care Credit '' with Synchrony is paid in full also, but the account is open. Synchrony is trying to pull my credit down, with false information.
On XX/XX/year> I signed unto my cash app and my account had been deactivated. It said I did something illegal. I did nothing illegal and still to this day dont know specifically what I supposedly did wrong. I called cash app right away and was told by customer service that they couldn't help me and that I needed to file an appeal, which I did right away. And right away I was denied my appeal. I wrote a co.plaint to the XXXX XXXX XXXX and exhausted my attempt at getting someone at cash app to call me. All I wanted through the bbb was for cash app to have someone call me and explain to me what i did wrong. No one ever called me they just kept repeating the same thing over and over again saying I did something illegal. When cash app wrote me saying I did something wrong they said I did something illegal with stocks which I dont know how to work stocks I just paid a dollar or XXXX on each stock I bough like XXXX or 5 years ago. I never do anything on there except scroll down on my cash app and look at my stock ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) to see if its increasing in money. I personally think they just wanted my stock because I was told i had to sell my stock or do something with it wothin lime 3 weeks or I would loose it. I figured out with the help of a friend how to sell my stock all under {$5.00} each. I still have not been given an opportunity to vindicate myself. Its like I was deemed guilty without a trial. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX Phone # XXXX Email Address XXXX XXXX
My debit card was lost after I shopped at XXXX, and unauthorized ATM withdrawals of {$800.00} and {$200.00} were made using my card. I was at work at the time these transactions occurred and could not have made them. For reference, I have attached my time clock records showing that I was working during the time of the unauthorized withdrawals. I respectfully request an expedited review of my fraud claim and a prompt refund of the stolen funds. I also tried to add another unauthorized transaction to the claim but, the bank stated they couldn't do that. Thank you for your time and assistance.
I expected the consultation to help with manufacturing. * XXXX XXXX XXXX. was supposed to send me preparatory materials ( homework ). * I didnt receive those materials until later on the day of the scheduled consultation. * Once I finally reviewed them, I realized the consultation focused on branding, marketing, and business development rather than the manufacturing guidance you believed you needed. * I promptly called hours before the consultation to explain my concerns and requested a refund. * The merchant declined and charged me anyway.
The company came XXXX my home XXXX install security cameras. About XXXX month later, l contacted them XXXX cancel the service. They refused my cancellation request XXXX told me that I would have to pay {$3700.00}. They also opened or applied for a credit card in my name without my knowledge or consent. I was never informed about this credit card, XXXX I did not authorize anyone XXXX apply for credit on my behalf.
" U.S. Bank is withholding a verified {$3400.00} corporate insurance settlement check ( # XXXX ) issued by XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. Today, XX/XX/year>, the check vendor, Deluxe Payments, joined a live XXXX conference call with me XXXX a U.S. Bank XXXX XXXX explicitly authenticated the validity of the funds.Following issuer verification, a XXXX refused XXXX override the hold, citing an automated 'business address ' flag on the account. However, this is the exact matching address printed on my official government-issued ID used XXXX open the account. I am currently experiencing physical homelessness XXXX facing severe immediate hardship. The bank is refusing an XXXX manual override on fully verified insurance funds based entirely on an ID-verified address flag, while actively evading administrative tracing protocols by refusing XXXX provide XXXX ID details. I demand immediate corporate compliance intervention XXXX an override XXXX release my balance. ''
I am filing this complaint because my Marcus by Goldman Sachs account has been locked for over two weeks, and I have been unable to access approximately {$9000.00} in my account. I have contacted customer service at least four times. During ea ch call, I successfully completed the identity verification process and answered all security questions correctly. I was repeatedly told that my case would be reviewed and resolved, but I have not received any meaningful update or resolution. Marcus has not provided a clear explanation for why my account remains locked, nor have they informed me of any additional steps required to restore access. As a result, I have been unable to access my own funds, which has caused financial hardship, stress, and significant inconvenience. I respectfully request that Marcus by Goldman Sachs immediately review my account, provide a written explanation for the continued restriction, and restore access to my account as soon as possible if there is no legal reason preventing it. I also request that Marcus provide a clear timeline for resolution and communicate any remaining requirements in writing.
I was sent an offer by Venmo to earn a {$20.00} bonus once I spent {$20.00} on my debit card. I spent it right away and the charge posted by XX/XX/XXXX. The offer was valid until XX/XX/XXXX. I never recieved my {$20.00} bonus.
I made my payment after the cutoff time for the first time. Since I have always made my payments before the due date, I requested a one-time courtesy waiver, but the late fee was still charged. I called them and explained and the customer service representantive told me she could go ahead and help me close the account if I was unhappy.
I am filing a complaint against Bank of America regarding a persistent billing error and a failure by their customer service team to resolve it. Bank of America has wrongfully charged my credit card twice for {$490.00} ( totaling {$990.00} ) due to systematic accounting errors regarding a merchant named " XXXX XXXX. '' I have called the Billing Dispute Department multiple times. Every time, the phone agents agreed it was a Bank of America error and promised a resolution, but absolutely no action has been taken after months of waiting. I am incredibly frustrated with the lack of follow-through. Here is the exact timeline of the errors : XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX : The merchant charged me {$490.00} each month ( {$1400.00} total ) for services they did not provide. I disputed these three charges. On XX/XX/XXXX, Bank of America correctly granted me a temporary credit of {$1400.00}, and my membership with the merchant was canceled. The XXXX Error : Despite the cancellation, the merchant mistakenly charged my card again for {$490.00} in XX/XX/XXXX. I contacted the merchant directly, and they issued a direct refund of {$490.00} to my card three days later. However, Bank of America 's system automatically saw this {$490.00} merchant credit and incorrectly assumed it was a duplicate credit for my older XXXX dispute. Bank of America then wrongfully charged my account {$490.00} to " claw back '' the money on XX/XX/XXXX. The XXXX Error : In XXXX, the merchant mistakenly charged my card {$490.00} yet again on XX/XX/XXXX. I called Bank of America, and an agent opened a dispute and applied a {$490.00} credit on XX/XX/XXXX. A few days later, Bank of America reversed this credit and re-charged my account {$490.00} on XX/XX/XXXX.
Bank of America is violating Federal Regulation XXXX ( XXXX CFR XXXX ) regarding a disputed debit card transaction of {$9900.00}. The bank closed my claim after only XXXX days without conducting a lawful, reasonable investigation. The claims department informed me that they are denying the claim based solely on an " assumption '' because I transferred funds from my savings account XXXX my checking account around the same time. This is a correlation, not evidence. Under Regulation XXXX, a bank can not deny an unauthorized transfer claim based on an internal automated assumption without clear factual evidence that I authorized the merchant transaction. Bank of America has refused XXXX provide a written summary of findings or documentation used in their determination. I request that Bank of America be compelled XXXX issue provisional credit XXXX properly investigate this fraud. Bank of America is now falsely claiming that they sent an alert XXXX that I replied XXXX ' XXXX verify the transaction. I explicitly state that I never received any text message or email regarding this charge, nor did I send any confirmation reply. If a reply was generated, it was done so fraudulently via number spoofing, account interception, or an internal bank error. Bank of America is using an unverified automated log as a pretext XXXX deny my consumer rights under Regulation XXXX without looking at device IP addresses, location data, or my mobile XXXX history. I demand immediate provisional credit XXXX a full forensic review of the alleged verification reply. Bank of America has explicitly refused XXXX provide me with the documentation XXXX automated verification logs they allegedly relied upon XXXX deny my debit card dispute. This is a direct violation of Federal Regulation XXXX ( XXXX CFR XXXX ( d ) ( XXXX ) ), which mandates that financial institutions must provide the consumer with the documents used in their determination. The bank claims I replied " YES '' XXXX a verification alert, but I never received this alert. By withholding the logs, the bank is actively preventing me from correcting an error or identifying potential account interception/identity theft. I request that the CFPB compel Bank of America XXXX immediately release the complete, unedited audit logsincluding timestamps, sending IP addresses, XXXX receiving phone numbers/emailsand issue my provisional credit immediately.
I had cashapp for years and I have used it for personal reasons and other business expenses. XX/XX/2026 and XX/XX/2026 I filed a dispute with Cashapp regarding XXXX taking {$100.00} from my account unauthorized when my bank declined it. My bank declined the transaction about 4-5 times and Cashapp allowed the payment to go through without consent. I have had 2 disputes using Cashapp in regards to XXXX of {$9.00} which Cashapp looked into the cash and refunded me twice. However, now Cashapp decides to close and deactivate my account when I ask them to provide the reason they deactivated and I appealed and showed proof. They still didnt give a reason of why they deactivated my account and didnt give a response from XXXX. Cashapp didnt say anywhere in the rules and terms that if you have too many disputes that your account would be deactivated. Cashapp refused to help me as I spoke to the representative XXXX XXXX and stated that they couldnt help me any further. Even with the photos showing I didnt make this transaction. I want a detailed reason of why they deactivated my account Personally instead of just telling me they could not complete the dispute like they did XXXX XXXX. They gave no reason just said completed.
I am submitting this complaint regarding Citibank 's handling of an unauthorized credit card transaction and what I believe was an inadequate fraud investigation. On XX/XX/year>, two unauthorized XXXX transactions were posted to my Citibank credit card account ending in XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX for {$180.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX for {$240.00} Both transactions occurred on the same date and appear to have been part of the same fraudulent activity. I promptly reported both charges to Citibank as unauthorized transactions and disputed them. Following its investigation, Citibank determined that the {$240.00} transaction was fraudulent and removed it from my account. However, Citibank simultaneously determined that the {$180.00} transaction was legitimate and reinstated that charge to my account. Citibank based its determination regarding the {$180.00} transaction on information provided by XXXX. However, the information relied upon by Citibank does not belong to me and does not establish that I authorized the transaction. The merchant documentation contains a telephone number, email address, delivery address, and other identifying information that are not mine and have never been associated with me. I am a XXXX retiree and have lived in the same condominium for nearly 40 years. I have no relationship with the listed delivery address, no connection to the people involved in the transaction, and no ties to the location where the goods were delivered. I did not receive any merchandise, services, or benefit from this transaction. The transaction in question was an online purchase and not an in-person card-present transaction involving my physical credit card, chip verification, or signature. The fact that the transaction received an authorization code only establishes that the credit card account approved the purchase request. It does not establish that I authorized the transaction. Citibank has never explained how it concluded that one XXXX transaction occurring on the same date and under the same circumstances was fraudulent while another XXXX transaction from the same apparent fraud event was legitimate. This inconsistency calls into question the adequacy of Citibank 's investigation and decision-making process. Prior to filing this complaint, I made repeated attempts to resolve this matter directly with Citibank. Those efforts were unsuccessful. I was unable to obtain a meaningful explanation regarding the differing treatment of these two related transactions or a mechanism to provide additional information for reconsideration of the denied claim. I am hard of hearing and found Citibank 's dispute process extremely difficult to navigate. Citibank did not provide an effective online mechanism to challenge the results of its investigation or submit additional information for reconsideration. Instead, I was required to repeatedly communicate through customer service channels that proved ineffective and frustrating given my hearing limitations. As a result, I have been left responsible for an unauthorized charge despite the lack of evidence connecting me to the transaction and despite Citibank acknowledging that another related XXXX charge from the same incident was fraudulent. I respectfully request that Citibank reopen its investigation into the {$180.00} XXXX transaction, remove the charge from my account, reverse any associated interest or fees, and provide a written explanation for the basis upon which it determined that one XXXX transaction from this incident was fraudulent while the other was not.
I filed a formal billing error dispute on my Current XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/year>. On XX/XX/year>, the merchant emailed me confirming that my payment was rejected and not accepted. I uploaded this definitive written evidence directly to Current on XX/XX/year>. Current 's in-app support chat has been entirely broken for two months. I call their customer phone lines daily, but their agents are unable to process my documentation and only repeat scripted dispute steps. Current is failing to investigate my dispute in accordance with Regulation Z billing error procedures despite clear proof of non-delivery. I require an internal compliance manager to review my uploaded evidence and close this chargeback in my favor
I made a square account to process a transactions my customer came to me in person paid me XXXX never had an issue were still in communication yet square is closing my account no reason at all wont let me withdraw this is so XXXX
On XX/XX/year>, I requested XXXX complete a transfer to an account I have in XXXX ( Deal XXXX ). They deducted the funds from my account, but on XX/XX/year>, they notified me that they rejected the transfer, but refuse to return the funds. This essentially amounts to theft. I find it hard to imagine that a money services company is simply allowed to retain customer funds when they reject a transfer.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I attempted to purchase a vehicle from XXXX XXXX. Although the contract was not finalized I was still charged for a XXXX deposit down payment on a vehicle I didn't received. I've been fighting this case with Bank of America since XX/XX/XXXX. Although BOA came to the conclusion that my request for dispute was denied because of " Merchant signed documents ". I've uploaded valid documentation for my dispute, I believe I'm still eligible to receive a refund will my legit supporting documentation.BOA did inform me that they have lost " charge back rights " but I believe that was case wasn't attended to the fullest possible potential. that's left me in disparity and hopeless. I hope writing this letter will help me and that BOA will take it into consideration to reopening my dispute and thoroughly investigate this matter.
PayPal has restricted my account without providing any legitimate explanation and is currently holding {$590.00} of my business funds. This restriction was placed suddenly, despite the fact that I used my account normally just a couple of weeks ago with no issues or warnings. I have received no meaningful correspondence from PayPal about the reason for this action, and every attempt to contact customer support has resulted in scripted, repetitive, and completely unhelpful responses. This situation is causing direct financial harm. PayPal is withholding money that I urgently need to fulfill a customer order, and their refusal to provide clear information or assistance is actively damaging my business. I have submitted all requested documents, yet PayPal has failed to conduct a proper review or provide any path toward resolution. PayPals handling of this matter appears negligent and arbitrary. They have frozen my funds without cause, ignored my attempts to resolve the issue, and provided no actionable guidance. I am requesting immediate intervention to compel PayPal to : Conduct a manual, human review of my account, Provide a clear and specific explanation for the restriction, and Release my {$590.00} as soon as possible so I can fulfill my customer obligations. PayPals lack of transparency and refusal to assist has left me with no other option but to escalate this through the CFPB. This requires urgent attention.
I went to cash a check with PLS on XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX arrival, I give them the check, my id, because ive cashed here before, just not at that specific location. After taking their time asking all types of questions and making an account, even though i already had an account, they finally go to cash the check. They tell me that I have to get an XXXX card ' their company debit card. I said no, I dont want that, I did not sign for it, I blatantly refused the card and said cancel the withdrawal if you're forcing a card on me. They told me it was policy. It is not policy. I spoke to the District Manager XXXX, who said it was not policy. The manager or supervisor came over and try to explain to me why I have to get the card, again I said no and refused. She says okay, and gives me my money. On the receipt, they charged me for the card that I refused and printed out card with my name on it. I know this because after leaving the store, without the card, because I refused. I get a text and an email that an account has been created and money has been loaded, then XXXX minutes later an email that said money has been withdrawn. From an account that I did not create nor did I want. XXXX XXXX!
Formal Regulatory Complaint against Capital One N.A. regarding the structural mishandling of a credit card billing dispute under Case Number XXXX. I am filing this complaint due to a total breakdown of procedural due process, violation of stated evidence timelines, and a severe systemic accounting error that has resultingly overcharged my account balance. On XX/XX/year>, I executed a contract with merchant XXXX XXXX XXXX for a luxury short-term rental property titled " XXXX XXXX, '' paying a total of {$3200.00}. The premium rate specifically contracted for major physical amenities explicitly detailed in the global marketing description : a functional rooftop spa and an included street-legal XXXX-seater golf cart. Upon arrival on XX/XX/year>, the property was in material breach. The rooftop spa was completely contaminated and unusable, requiring me to stay awake the entire first night monitoring a full structural drainage and refill. Furthermore, the XXXX-seater golf cart was completely missinga critical utility needed to transport my pet, for which the merchant separately collected a mandatory {$250.00} pet fee. The merchant 's local management explicitly confessed to the breach in writing, text-messaging : " The listing was in fact updated as the owner sold the golf cart. You did book your stay prior to the cart being removed ''. The merchant attempted to push a forced, non-consensual token partial credit of {$750.00} ( {$700.00} + {$50.00} ), which I immediately and explicitly rejected via text as an acceptable remedy for a ruined vacation. I opened a dispute with Capital One under Visa Reason Code XXXX ( Services Not as Described ). In retaliation, the merchant submitted a representment file containing blatantly manipulated dataentering an impossible refund figure of {$50000.00} on a {$3200.00} transaction balance into the network text strings. Capital Ones automated system XXXX accepted this corrupted string without human auditing, immediately forcing an automated case closure. On XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/year>, I spoke directly with XXXX Capital One XXXX XXXX on recorded lines, verbally detailing this data manipulation. Despite assurances that a manual escalation would be forced, the automated loop overrode management, completely ignored Capital One 's own written notice stating I had until XX/XX/year> to upload evidence, and permanently locked the file on XX/XX/XXXX, XXXXblocking my legal right to respond. Worse, Capital One 's glitched system executed a severe double clawback : it took back BOTH the {$2500.00} dispute balance AND the {$750.00} partial credit. Capital One has stripped funds that even the merchant officially conceded they surrendered, overcharging my account. I demand a XXXX XXXX XXXX override this bot error, pull the XXXX call logs, and issue a permanent credit for the remaining balance of {$2500.00}.
On XX/XX/XXXX XXXX I attempted to make a purchase through Klarna in the amount of {$82.00}. Klarna denied the transaction, and I did not receive any merchandise, services, or financing agreement. Despite denying the transaction, Klarna still withdrew or placed a hold on my funds in the amount of {$82.00}. On the same day, XX/XX/, I contacted Klarna customer service and spoke with a representative named XXXX. I requested an explanation as to why my funds were taken after the transaction was denied and when my money would be returned. I was informed that I would have to wait 7 to 10 days for my money to be refunded. I believe it is unfair and potentially deceptive for a company to deny a transaction while simultaneously taking or holding a consumers funds for an extended period of time. Consumers should not be deprived of access to their money when no purchase was completed and no goods or services were provided. I am requesting : 1. The immediate release and return of my {$82.00}. 2. A written explanation as to why my funds were withdrawn or held after the transaction was denied. 3. A review of Klarnas policies regarding authorization holds and denied transactions to ensure other consumers are not subjected to the same practice. I am filing this complaint because I believe holding a consumers money for 7 to 10 days after denying a transaction is unreasonable and may constitute an unfair business practice.
My PayPal account was permanently limited without a clear explanation. I have attempted to contact PayPal by phone, but their automated system does not allow me to speak with a customer service representative regarding this issue. I also did not receive an email explaining the specific reason for the permanent limitation or providing a meaningful way to appeal the decision. I am requesting that PayPal provide a written explanation of the reason my account was permanently limited, review my account manually, and explain whether I may submit any additional documentation to resolve the issue. If PayPal intends to keep the limitation in place, I request a clear explanation of the policy or activity that led to this decision and confirmation of any remaining appeal rights. I have made reasonable efforts to resolve this directly with PayPal but have been unable to reach an appropriate representative.
XX/XX/year> I appeal my account due to closing my account without valid reason
Wells Fargo advertises that it reports authorized users to the credit bureaus but has chosen not to collect the identifying information necessary to reliably associate the tradeline with my daughter 's credit file. Rather than allowing me to update the authorized user 's identifying information on my/our existing account, Wells Fargo informed me that my only option is to close a longstanding account and open a new one to add my daughters social security number to the account. This is unacceptable given the age and history of my account. Authorized user reporting is a recognized method of helping establish a credit history. An account she has been actively managing with me for several years, yet the account does not show up on her credit reports. Wells Fargo has acknowledged that they furnish authorized user information to the credit bureaus but advised they do not collect Social Security numbers for authorized users on my account. I believe the absence of sufficient identifying information is the sole reason preventing the account from being matched to her credit file because it is not showing up. I am requesting that Wells Fargo provide a process to add my daughter 's Social Security number to our existing authorized user profile and update the information furnished to the credit bureaus without requiring me to close my longstanding credit card account and open a new one. This is not acceptable given the long-standing use and age of this account. It is deceptive to state that you reporting to the bureaus but the bureaus state there is not enough identifying information to recognize the card. ccording to Wells Fargo, they are already furnishing my daughter 's authorized user information to the credit bureaus using only her name, address, and date of birth because they do not collect her Social Security number on my existing account. The credit bureaus can only report the information that Wells Fargo furnishes to them. If Wells Fargo is not providing sufficient identifying information for the bureaus to confidently match the authorized user account to my daughter 's credit file, then the credit bureaus have no information to correct. A dispute with the bureaus would simply result in them verifying the information exactly as it was furnished by Wells Fargo. This is not a dispute over inaccurate payment history, an incorrect balance, or ownership of the account. The issue is Wells Fargo 's inability or refusal to update the identifying information associated with my daughter 's authorized user profile on my existing account. The resolution I am requesting is for Wells Fargo to provide a process to add my daughter 's Social Security number to her existing authorized user profile and to furnish the updated identifying information to the credit reporting agencies. Directing me to dispute the matter with the credit bureaus does not address the source of the problem, which is the information being furnished by Wells Fargo.
CRITICAL SUPPLEMENT TO CLOSED CASE # XXXX. I am submitting this fresh complaint because the portal automatically closed my previous case before I could upload my physical documentation.I have recently made active, good-faith efforts to resolve this account, but I am facing deep structural confusion between Synchrony 's internal staff, your corporate response, and the actual collectors reaching out to me. My primary concern stems from a Synchrony XXXX previously stating my official account balance was {$0.00}. To resolve this matter permanently, I recently contacted the debt collection agency actively reaching out to me, XXXX XXXX XXXX. They issued me an official written settlement offer to resolve this debt in full for {$460.00}. However, your corporate CFPB response in Case # XXXX, completely contradicts this by stating the account was placed with a completely different firm, XXXX, as of XX/XX/XXXX. When I try to settle this matter, XXXX XXXX XXXX states they are blocked from executing a full resolution or deleting the credit bureau tradeline because Synchrony still holds full legal ownership of the debt. As of XX/XX/XXXX, I am requesting that Synchrony explicitly clear up this confusion and do XXXX things : Formally confirm in writing exactly which agency is legally authorized to handle and accept payment for this debt. Honor the original {$0.00} balance statement made by your XXXX by giving that designated debt collection agency explicit, official corporate permission to execute a complete " pay for delete '' removal of this negative tradeline upon receipt of my {$460.00} settlement payment. I am uploading the official written {$460.00} settlement letter from XXXX XXXX XXXX as physical proof of my recent good-faith attempt to settle. I have the settlement funds ready to send today. I just require Synchronys XXXX XXXX department to authorize the proper collector to delete the tradeline upon payment so we can finally conclude this matter.
I am filing a formal complaint against Citibank for failing to conduct a " reasonable investigation '' under the Fair Credit Billing Act ( FCBA ) regarding Case ID : XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX, I was charged {$1900.00} at XXXX XXXX for a brake overhaul. Immediately after their repairs were completed and I picked up the vehicle on XX/XX/XXXX, the car developed a severe, dangerous mechanical safety issue ( a loud metallic clunking noise over bumps ) that was completely non-existent prior to XXXX servicing the front brakes. Two days later, they attempted to defraud me by quoting an additional {$2900.00} for an unneeded suspension replacement to cover up their error. Furthermore, they refused to honor my active XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX on the brake pads. I opened a dispute and strictly followed Citibank 's explicit evidence requirements. On XX/XX/XXXX, I obtained a signed invoice from an independent expert facility ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Invoice # XXXX ) proving that the suspension was fine, and that XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX had to remove and replace the front right caliper assembly to correct the XXXX technician 's installation error on the front brakes they had just serviced, costing me {$400.00} out of pocket. Citibanks system has operated like a complete sham, shuffling paperwork automatically without human review : XXXX. They closed and denied the case on XX/XX/XXXX. XXXX. They reopened it on XX/XX/XXXX, demanding the paperwork again. XXXX. I successfully submitted the full evidence packet on XX/XX/XXXX. Citibank 's online system explicitly tracks and acknowledges that documents were received on XX/XX/XXXX. XXXX. Despite this, the case was automatically closed and denied a second time on XX/XX/XXXX. XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX, I spoke to a phone representative who admitted he could not see or access my XX/XX/XXXX documents inside the system, proving that Citibank is closing consumer disputes without checking the evidence legally provided to them. Citibank is holding me responsible for a {$1900.00} charge without investigating anything, reviewing the third-party expert mechanical proof, or acknowledging their own document system pipeline. I demand a full, manual executive review of my files and a permanent reversal of this charge.
My husband and I have had an account with 1st Tn who is now XXXX XXXX called the " XXXX XXXX XXXX '' account for approximately 41 years that is no longer offered to customers, we are grandfathered in. My husband passed on XX/XX/XXXX from an accidental head trauma, his death certificate documents this accidental death. I contacted my bank because one of the features offered on our account is an accidental life policy. This is one of the main reasons we have kept this account for so many years. It has actually paid out on a claim when my husband lost his eye. When I contacted 1st Horizon to file a claim I realized early that I needed documentation proof of the features of our account. I contacted Customer Service and I received an email or message from 1st Horizon on XX/XX/XXXX @ XXXX from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX that the XXXX accidental death insurance policy ( reduced after age XXXX ) thru XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX indeed still a perk/benefit of this account. I was given the contact number to XXXX XXXX XXXX by 1st Horizon because the bank directed me to XXXX XXXX XXXX after looking up my account information and saw that XXXX XXXX was the insurance company who handled this benefit on behalf of 1st Horizon. After calling XXXX XXXX XXXX, they denied representing 1st XXXX and suggested I call them back. I go back to 1st Horizon and have several recorded phone conversation with 1st Horizon representatives where I am told they are trying to resolve and feel sure 1st Horizon will support me, only later to find out that they are denying that this is a feature of the " All In One '' account and will not payout. I have been paying a monthly service fee for all of these years, and the fee has increased over time rather than decrease because it no longer offers all the services I originally sign up for on this account. I feel that this is Consumer Fraudulent, Breach of Contract and or Insurance in Bad Faith way of doing business and I want to know how to pursue 1st Horizon to payout on our account. I need to know the rights the bank has to do this with no repercussions. Of course there are more details to my conversations with 1st Horizon that I would like to share with assistance with my complaint. Thank you
I received money into my XXXX account for the amount of {$100.00}. I added a debit card to take the money out of the account and they suspended my account. I have emailed and chatted with them but they keep saying that they have to escalate it to another department. I just want to take my money out and cancel my account but they are dragging their feet.
I had a Fit Mastercard account serviced by Continental Finance Company. I received payment reminder emails regarding my account, but I never received any email or written notice informing me that my credit card account would be closed. I later paid the remaining balance in full because I intended to continue using the account. After making the payment, I discovered that my account had already been closed. I believe I should have been notified before the account was closed. If a notice was sent, I never received it. The only communications I received were payment reminders, which led me to believe the account remained open and available for use after I brought it current. I am submitting this complaint because I want the company to explain when the decision to close my account was made, why it was made, and how and when they claim they notified me.
A check in the amount of {$26000.00} was deposited into my Citibank account on XX/XX/year>, at the teller, but I did not deposit this check, nor did I sign it. Citibank has since informed me that I owe {$6700.00} in overdraft fees related to this unauthorized deposit. I am disputing this transaction because it was not made by me, and I did not authorize or endorse the check in any way. I am requesting that Citibank investigate the matter and remove all associated fees from my account. My account held a balance of only {$0.00} at the time this check was deposited, and the signature on the check does not match my own. I was at work on XX/XX/year>, and therefore could not have deposited this check or authorized anyone else to do so. I am requesting that Citibank review the teller transaction, including camera footage and the identity of the teller who accepted this check, as the deposit was made without my knowledge or consent. This situation involves an unauthorized and illegal action, and I am holding Citibank accountable for investigating the incident and correcting all resulting charges on my account.
My Cash App account was restricted or closed without a clear explanation. I have been unable to obtain a specific reason for the action or an opportunity to resolve the issue. I am requesting a manual review and a written explanation of the decision.
Dear Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am filing a complaint against Capital One regarding its denial of my credit card billing dispute. I believe Capital One denied my claim based on documentation that does not relate to my transaction, and I respectfully request that the CFPB investigate its handling of my dispute. I purchased airline tickets through XXXX for {$2300.00}. The charges that appeared on my Capital One account were suspicious because they were listed under XXXX XXXX anXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX rather than XXXX Additionally, neither airline flies to XXXX. One of the charges from XXXX XXXXXXXX was declined for an unknown reason. The remaining charge of {$1900.00} posted as an XXXX XXXX transaction. I contacted Capital One the same day I noticed the suspicious charges. I was told to wait until the transaction posted before filing a dispute. After it posted, Capital One instructed me to first contact the merchant to resolve the issue directly. I contacted XXXX, and the company approved my cancellation and confirmed that my reservation had been canceled. I was told I would receive a refund within a few business days. I have attached the cancellation email as proof. However, no refund was ever issued. When I disputed the {$1900.00} charge with Capital One, my claim was denied based on evidence that clearly does not relate to my transaction ( please see the attached ticket provided by Capital One ; the passenger name on the ticket is XXXX XXXX XXXX Specifically : The documentation Capital One relied upon contains a different passenger name ( XXXX XXXX ). The booking reference in my records matches the booking reference in the cancellation email I submitted. The itinerary provided by Capital One shows different travel dates, flight times, destinations, and flights than the itinerary I purchased. The travel date in Capital One 's evidence is after my reservation had already been canceled. The ticket amount in Capital One 's evidence ( {$1300.00} ) does not match the {$1900.00} charged to my credit card. The documentation appears to reference an entirely different traveler and itinerary. Despite my submitting proof that my reservation was canceled and that I never received a refund, Capital One failed to address or consider this evidence. Instead, it relied on unrelated documentation to deny my dispute. It appears that the merchant may have used my card to purchase a ticket for another traveler without my authorization. Because Capital One 's decision appears to have been based on another customer 's records rather than the facts of my transaction, I do not believe my dispute was fairly or properly investigated. I have attached the following supporting documents : My XXXX itinerary and invoice showing the total purchase amount of {$2300.00} ( XXXX ticket ). Documentation identifying the disputed charge of {$1900.00} ( bank statement ). The cancellation confirmation email from XXXX. The evidence Capital One relied upon, showing a different passenger, itinerary, destinations, and ticket information. Additional correspondence related to my dispute. Thank you for your time and consideration. I appreciate your review of this matter and look forward to your response. Sincerely, XXXX XXXX
This complaint is not a duplicate. This is a new complaint based on continued issues with newly purchased gift cards. Gift cards were purchased in XXXX and attempts to make purchases were made throughout the month of XXXX XXXX Upon use of the cards, transactions were blocked upon in-person use at the merchant and subsequent merchants. Furthermore, cards were placed " ON-HOLD '', basically restricting and denying use of the funds. It has been determined that there is a systematic scheme in place to purposefully deny use of the cards. I have attempted numerous times to use the card and resolve its issues with Incomm but to no avail. Incomm tells me to use the card at another merchant despite my attempts at different merchants. If a purchase attempt was at a specific merchant, why would one try to use it at another merchant? For example, if I was looking to pay my electric bill with the gift card, why would the solution be to NOT pay the electric bill and pay different merchant? Why am I not allowed to pay my electric company? I reached out to customer service, with an initial solution of replacement cards to be sent to me. This same issue is present with re-issued cards sent directly to my address upon activation. Some newly activated cards were placed back in " ON-HOLD '' status and use of the successfully activatedreplacement cards results in the same " ON-HOLD '' denials again. Thus, restricting use of the funds on the gift cards yet again. I reported the issue to customer service and was told refunds checks will be issued. None have arrived. Case number for all cards are as follows : XXXX Total value of these " ON-HOLD '' cards now total ~ {$4000.00} More replacement cards are enroute to my address and the future use of these replacement cards will only cause it to be placed back into " ON-HOLD '' status. So the total value of the " ON-HOLD '' replacement cards/refunds will soon exceed {$11000.00}. This value will only continue to grow as Incomm continue to confiscate gift card funds for future giftcards. These funds have been confiscated without cause and Incomm lacks any sense of urgency to return to the customer. Some funds have been confiscated by Incomm for at least 90 days at this point with no interest. I am respectfully requesting status of the check ( s ) with the purchase feebe sent to my address. In response to a previous complaint reply from Incomm regarding a similar issue, the company stated that " enhanced security measures ... do not appear to function in XXXX XXXX 's desired capacity ''. I am respectfully requested the specifics on what is the " desired capacity ''. The gift card package of the product did not have specifics on how and when to spend the funds on the card. Without clear guidance on the package itself, how is a consumer able to know why declined transactions are for the sake of security? Is the intent of the gift card to spend the funds on the card that accepts XXXX? Why is it that when a consumer 's transaction is declined access to the funds on the card, that it is the consumer that is responsible to beg and plead to have the funds release for use? Per the letter, declining transactions on the card in addition to declining refund requests of the card itself effectively seals off the ability to use funds on the card. Is the consumer supposedly to simply throw away the card in the garbage if the transaction is declined and forfeit the funds since refunds will no longer be honored at the time of purchase? Not a single question was addressed in any of the previous complaints or correspondence for at least the past XXXX.
I saw a XXXX % off grocery offer in Cash App XXXX added it XXXX my Cash App debit card on XX/XX/XXXX. The offer clearly stated that it would expire in XXXX days. However, after making a {$100.00} purchase at XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX, I did not receive the cashback. I contacted Cash App support, XXXX they confirmed that I had successfully saved the offer. They then told me the offer was actually only valid for XXXX hours, which is unreasonable XXXX directly contradicts the stated expiration period of XXXX days.
This is supplemental information to reinforce active Case Number XXXX. UPDATE : Bank of America has confirmed they denied my initial debit card claim after a XXXXday automated review based on XXXX illegal assumptions : XXXX ) They claim I replied 'YES ' to an alert, which I explicitly deny ever receiving or responding to, indicating a system error or phone/credential compromise that the bank has refused to forensically review. XXXX ) They state that because I transferred my own funds from my savings to my checking account around the same time, it means I authorized the fraudulent merchant charge. Under Regulation E, circumstantial account-to-account transfers and unverified text alerts do not constitute a 'reasonable investigation ' standard. Because their initial investigation relied entirely on assumptions and completely lacked third-party factual evidence, their first resolution was non-compliant. Therefore, they are legally barred from using the 'reopened/reconsideration ' loophole to deny me provisional credit.
I have an extensive history of communicating with support about this fraud, but Cash App has locked me out of my account. I am requesting that the CFPB compel Block , Inc. to retrieve and review all chat logs associated with my historical account. ''
I was scammed yesterday Monday XX/XX/XXXX, I was trying to receive XXXX from a person over text on cashapp, she told me I did not have a business account so I couldnt receive it. I was sent a number which I thought was Cash App XXXX which he said I had to send XXXX and I would get it right back but sent in XXXX XXXX dollar increments. I never received a call back or my money back, was sent using XXXX on cashapp app.
An unauthorized Walmart account and ONE Wallet account have been created using my email address ( XXXX ). A fraudulent curbside pickup order was placed under the name XXXX XXXX. I did not make this purchase, I do not know this person, and I have more than enough reason to believe the card was stolen and my email was used to obfuscate their identity in the theft of the original cardholder. Here is the inciting order : Order Number : XXXX Item : XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( {$43.00} ) Payment Method used by fraudster : Mastercard ending XXXX XXXX Since then I have contact Walmart and they have done well by me to correct this, but OnePay Wallet absolutely refuses to help or acknowledge my problem unless I make an account with them, and go about it under their terms. I refuse to let them have any more of my personal information, and even if I wanted to make a account, my email is already being used. This occurred on XX/XX/year> and while the Walmart side has been handled, I am still being pelted with cash back rewards emails, so I believe more fraud is being tied to my email to this day.
I sent an ach transfer of XXXX dollars into my PNC bank account. The money is not appearing in my account but PNC bank, who I sent the money too has confirmed the money has been sent. I have been told on the phone repeatedly the bank is fixing it and they will call back in XXXX hours. No one ever calls me back and its been 3 weeks. Also two operators have told me it appears someone at the bank flagged this account as fraud and then quit the bank and they dont know how to fix it. I have proof of funds transferred.
My phone was stolen & someone hacked my banking account & spent my money
On Friday, XX/XX/XXXX about XXXX ( EST ) called Santander Bank to resolve a XXXX transactions while I was trying to transfer money from my checking account to a certain recipients. Santander verified all my personal information and they were NOT able to fix the issue. Instead, the bank BLOCKED my account entirely stating they needed a notarized letter proof of my identity as I live in Florida and there are no branches nearby. I have my Santander Bank checking account with this bank nearly 20years and Ive never had any issues. At this point, I called many times the bank branch and fraud department and also sent the fraud dept via email the proof letter notarized and receipts. Its absurd nowadays this bank has no technology to authenticate my personal information through their app and its only via paper notarized like we did in XXXX. This issue is causing another problems which all my bill payments are triggered weekly to other institutions which currently they are blocked to come out of my checking account. Meantime, the bank keeps my money for their own investments. Who knows what their return is when my cash is blocked for nearly a week?
CFPB Complaint Narrative Against JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A . I am filing a formal complaint regarding Chases failure to properly review an extraordinary consumer loss involving a permanently defunct merchant and unrendered prepaid services. On XX/XX/XXXX, I purchased a 10-pack of prepaid car wash coupons using my Chase Slate Visa card for {$350.00}. I successfully redeemed 2 washes, leaving a remaining balance of 8 unused coupons worth {$280.00}. In XX/XX/XXXX, I attempted to redeem one of the remaining washes and discovered the business was permanently shuttered due to a sudden federal law enforcement action ( XXXX raids ) that forced total business liquidation. Public records indicate that this permanent closure occurred in XXXX of XXXX. Because the business ceased to exist less than 250 days after my purchase, the merchant became legally incapable of fulfilling our ongoing contract well within Visa 's lifetime network limits. I could not have known or filed a claim prior to this operational collapse. Because the business is legally and physically nonexistent, a direct refund from the merchant is impossible. I contacted Chase Customer Service to initiate a dispute for the remaining {$280.00}. While the representative successfully opened an active dispute case file, they explicitly stated that Chase 's automated back-office billing system will likely reject the claim because the transaction date sits just past the standard 540-day Visa electronic network limit. [ 1 ] I received an automated email from Chase confirming the standard dispute process has started. However, given the extraordinary nature of this business closure and the fact that a standard automated system will likely reject this on a rigid date technicality, Chase is failing to provide adequate consumer protection for services that were physically impossible to receive. As a loyal, long-time cardholder, I am holding {$280.00} in physical, unrendered vouchers for a business that was entirely liquidated by the federal government. I am requesting that Chase review this case at an executive level to ensure a human investigator handles the claim, or alternatively, issue a manual Goodwill Statement Credit of {$280.00} to resolve the matter.
On XX/XX/year>, Venmo suspended my personal account, business account, and Venmo debit card without providing the promised email notice or any clear explanation. The suspension also blocked access to my {$490.00} balance. Since then, I have contacted Venmo repeatedly through chat and by phone. Venmo representatives confirmed that my registered email address was correct, stated that my case had been escalated, and promised follow-up within five business days. I received nothing. Another representative requested my unexpired government-issued photo ID, which I submitted through the Venmo chat. That representative confirmed the documents were forwarded to the account specialists and promised another response within three to five business days. Again, I received nothing. Several chats were closed or disconnected before the issue was resolved. Each time, I was told to check my email even though I repeatedly explained that no message had been received in my inbox, spam, junk, or other folders. I later changed the registered email address on both accounts from XXXX to XXXX in case there was a delivery problem, but I still received no suspension notice, explanation, or instructions. I also emailed XXXX, but received an automatic response stating that the address is no longer monitored. Venmo has therefore restricted access to both accounts, my debit card, and my funds while repeatedly promising escalation and follow-up that never occurred. I am requesting immediate restoration of access, or a written explanation of the suspension and the exact steps required to resolve it. If Venmo will not restore the accounts, I am requesting immediate access to withdraw the {$490.00} balance.
I contacted American Express on XX/XX/year>, to request a refund for a set of American Express Gift Cards that I inherited following my father 's passing. Because American Express does not permit consumers to redeem the remaining balances on physical gift cards directly, I followed the refund procedure outlined by the company. I was instructed to submit a XXXX containing a copy of my identification together with images of the front and back of all gift cards involved. I submitted all of the requested documentation on XX/XX/year>. On XX/XX/year>, American Express informed me that the file containing the gift card images was too large to process. In response, I promptly resubmitted the documentation as separate XXXX files, dividing the gift card images into multiple attachments as instructed so they could be reviewed. On XX/XX/year>, American Express requested verification of my mailing address so that a refund check could be issued. I provided the requested address verification on XX/XX/year>. After submitting this information, I received an email advising that my refund check would arrive within XXXX to XXXX weeks. Between XX/XX/year>, and XX/XX/year>, I contacted American Express and XXXX numerous times to inquire about the status of my refund. During these communications, I received inconsistent and conflicting information. On some occasions, representatives stated that they could not locate my previously submitted documentation. On other occasions, I was advised that the refund check had already been mailed and that I simply needed to continue waiting. Despite repeated follow-up efforts, I did not receive the promised refund. On XX/XX/year>, after waiting more than four months without receiving the refund, I sent an email to American Express requesting immediate resolution and advising that I would file a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) if the matter was not resolved. Rather than processing the refund based on the documentation I had already submitted, I was informed that I would need to restart the refund process entirely. As a result of American Express 's failure to resolve the matter, I filed a complaint with the CFPB. During its investigation, American Express acknowledged that it had received my XX/XX/year> email requesting refunds for 77 gift cards but claimed that it did not receive the attachments. American Express further acknowledged that it provided me with incorrect information regarding the refund process and apologized for the misinformation I received during my numerous communications with its representatives. Following the CFPB complaint, American Express issued refund checks totaling {$26000.00}. While I appreciate that partial refunds were ultimately issued, the company 's response does not fully resolve the matter. I originally submitted 77 gift cards with a combined face value of {$32000.00}. Based on the refunds issued, there remains an apparent unreconciled balance, and five gift cards have not been accounted for at all. Additionally, several of the refunded cards were paid at amounts substantially below their expected face values, yet American Express has not produced any transaction histories, account records, or other documentation explaining those reductions. Without such records, I have no way to verify whether the reduced refund amounts accurately reflect prior transactions or other permissible adjustments. To fully resolve this matter, American Express must identify and account for the five missing gift cards, provide complete transaction histories and accounting records for each card whose refund amount differs from its expected value, and remit any remaining funds determined to be owed following a complete reconciliation of all 77 gift cards. The gift cards remain valid, and American Express 's website expressly states that physical gift cards can not be redeemed directly by consumers and that customers seeking to recover the remaining balances must request a refund through American Express. I followed the process exactly as instructed, timely provided every document requested, repeatedly attempted to resolve the matter over many months, and ultimately was forced to seek regulatory assistance before receiving only a partial resolution.
I deposited XXXX XXXX from my XXXX account to my robinhood on XX/XX/year> and it completed on XX/XX/year> and I wanted to withdraw by bitcoin into my wallet but unfortunately I found my account restricted which is very annoying to me because i really don't know why that's happening, I really need my money on my robinhood accand I want my account to be unrestricted immediately please...
I am filing this complaint regarding Wells Fargo 's failure to prevent an unauthorized {$18000.00} wire transfer from my account and their subsequent denial of my fraud claim. Background Prior Incident : Approximately three months before this incident ( around XXXX XXXX ), my Wells Fargo account, ending in [ XXXX ], was targeted by fraud. I received a text message from Wells Fargo asking me to confirm whether I had authorized a money transfer out of the account. I had not. I immediately called Wells Fargo, reported the transaction as unauthorized, and the bank successfully stopped the transfer and returned my funds. This incident is on record with Wells Fargo. The Incident in Question : On XX/XX/XXXX, another unauthorized transaction, a wire transfer of {$18000.00} was initiated from the same account ( although now with a new account number ending in XXXX ) and completed however this transaction was completed without any verification attempt by Wells Fargo. I received no call, text, or other alert asking me to confirm the transaction before it was processed. I did receive an email saying they had added a " wireless user '' to my account and if I did not add this user to call. Which I did within 2 minutes of receiving the email ) and was informed by " XXXX '' at WF a transfer for the above amount had already gone through, but they would " attempt '' to pull it back. I was in shock. Why I believe Wells Fargo 's security procedures are/were woefully inadequate and not reasonable in any way given the following : 1. This business account has been open for approximately 16 years ( XXXX ) and had ZERO wire transfers. 2. The account had a documented prior fraud incident just three months earlier, which Wells Fargo itself flagged and confirmed. 3. The transfer amount, {$18000.00}, was unusually large relative to the account 's typical activity of about {$4000.00}. 4. This is a business account, NO transactions go to individuals but always to other entities ; business to business. This transfer went to someones personal account where there had been no prior transactions. 5. Despite this documented fraud history and the highly anomalous nature of the transaction ( first-ever wire, large dollar amount, same account previously compromised ), Wells Fargo did not contact me to verify the transaction before releasing the funds even though they had done so for a smaller, more routine transaction three months prior. Under UCC Article 4A, which governs wire transfer liability, a bank 's security procedure must be " commercially reasonable '' given the circumstances of the particular customer and account. Given the documented prior fraud and the complete absence of wire history on this account, and the large amount of the transaction - I do not believe Wells Fargo 's procedure or their application of it here was commercially reasonable. I believe Wells Fargo should bear responsibility for this loss.
This complaint concerns new information that was not addressed in Wells Fargo 's response to my previous CFPB complaint. I applied for a Wells Fargo Signify Business Cash Card on XX/XX/year>, because of the advertised promotional offer of a {$500.00} cash rewards bonus after making {$5000.00} in qualifying purchases within the required promotional period. The only application-related communication I ever received from Wells Fargo was an email dated XX/XX/year>, stating that my application was pending, that additional information needed to be verified, and that Wells Fargo would provide a decision within seven business days. After receiving no further update, I replied to that email on XX/XX/year>, asking, " What's the scoop, '' because I had not received any decision or additional communication regarding the status of my application. I never received any subsequent email notifying me that my application had been approved or that my account had been opened. In Wells Fargo 's response to my prior CFPB complaint, the bank stated that my account was approved on XX/XX/year>, and that the promotional spending period began that same day. However, the only application status communication Wells Fargo ever provided to me stated that my application was pending, and I never received an approval notification. Based on the communications I received, I had no reason to know that an account had been opened or that a time-limited promotional spending period had already begun. Wells Fargo also stated that the card was mailed on XX/XX/year>, and acknowledged that it was not activated until XX/XX/year>. This means the card was not activated for approximately two months after the bank states it was mailed. Once I received and activated the card, I made {$4300.00} in qualifying purchases in an effort to earn the promotional bonus. Wells Fargo later denied the bonus because the {$5000.00} spending requirement had not been met by XX/XX/year>. My complaint is not that Wells Fargo 's written promotional terms measure the spending period from the account opening date. My complaint is that Wells Fargo failed to provide notice that my application had been approved and that the promotional spending period had begun. The only status update I received indicated that my application was still pending, and despite following up with Wells Fargo, I never received an approval notification. I believe consumers should receive clear notice that an application has been approved before a time-limited promotional period begins to run. I respectfully request that Wells Fargo reconsider this matter in light of the lack of any approval notification and the communications actually provided to me. I request that the bank honor the advertised {$500.00} promotional bonus or provide an equivalent customer accommodation. I also request that Wells Fargo review and improve its application approval notification process so that other consumers are not placed in the same position.
Subject : Missing {$1000.00} ACH Transfer Conflicting Information Between XXXX and Capital One I am requesting assistance in resolving a missing ACH transfer involving XXXX and Capital One. On XX/XX/year>, I initiated a {$1000.00} ACH transfer from my XXXX brokerage account to my linked Capital One savings account. This linked account has been used successfully for transfers numerous times over the past several years. The funds were withdrawn from my XXXX brokerage account, and the transaction is marked as completed and settled. After the funds did not appear in my Capital One account, I contacted Capital One. Capital One initially investigated the matter and informed me they had no record of receiving the XXXX deposit. I then contacted XXXX. XXXX opened an investigation on XX/XX/year>, and advised that it would take 710 business days. After that investigation concluded without resolution, I contacted XXXX again. During my most recent conversation, XXXX advised me that their ACH trace ( # XXXX ) indicates the transfer left XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX and was transmitted to Capital One that same afternoon. XXXX has now opened a second investigation upon my request. After receiving the XXXX trace information from XXXX, I contacted Capital One a second time XXXX and provided the trace number. I explained the situation in detail and requested to speak with a supervisor. During that call, I had to explain the issue multiple times, was placed on hold while my account was reviewed, and was told to wait for an email. Despite these additional efforts, I still have not received a clear explanation of where the funds are, nor has the missing {$1000.00} been located. It has now been three weeks since the transfer was initiated, and I still do not have access to my funds. XXXXXXXX XXXX ACH trace indicates the transfer reached Capital One, while Capital One has repeatedly stated they have no record of receiving or crediting the funds. I respectfully request that this matter be thoroughly investigated to determine where the funds are currently located, why they have not been credited to my account or returned to XXXX, and that the {$1000.00} be restored to me as soon as possible. I have made multiple good-faith attempts to resolve this matter directly with both financial institutions before filing this complaint. I appreciate your assistance in helping bring this matter to a prompt resolution.
Subject : Unjust closure of accounts ending in XXXX and XXXX by JPMorgan Chase following a XXXX dispute, and request for expedited release of held funds. Description of the Event : To the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am filing a formal complaint against JPMorgan Chase regarding the sudden restriction and forced closure of my checking/savings accounts ending in XXXX and XXXX. On XX/XX/year>, Chase restricted my accounts and notified me that they would be closed soon due to " potential XXXX. '' I believe this restriction was triggered automatically by a recent XXXX transaction I received. I suspect the sender of this transaction falsely reported the transfer as fraudulent to their financial institution, or that I was targeted by an unauthorized transaction XXXX I am the legitimate, lawful owner of these accounts. I have attempted to contact Chase 's XXXX XXXX department at XXXX to verify my identity, provide supporting documentation, and explain the nature of this transaction. However, Chase has refused to review my evidence or allow me to clear my name, and they are proceeding with the permanent closure of my accounts. Impact and Financial Harm : Loss of Access to Capital : My legitimate, undisputed funds are currently frozen, leaving me unable to pay for essential living expenses. Risk of XXXX Blacklisting : Because Chase is closing my account under a " potential XXXX '' flag, I am deeply concerned they will report a negative " fraud '' indicator to XXXX. This would unjustly prevent me from opening checking or savings accounts at other financial institutions for up to XXXX years, despite my innocence.
I am the victim of identity theft. A Capital One credit card account ( ending XXXX, {$3000.00} charged-off balance ) was opened online in my name on XX/XX/XXXX, without my knowledge or authorization. I filed a police report, an FTC Identity Theft Report, and a notarized Identity Theft Affidavit on XX/XX/XXXX, and provided these to Capital One and to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Since then, Capital One has deleted and reinserted this tradeline on my credit files at least XXXX times : XX/XX/XXXX ( deleted from XXXX XXXX XXXX ), XX/XX/XXXX ( Capital One wrote to me in writing stating the account was " not currently reporting '' ), XX/XX/XXXX ( Capital One reinserted the account on XXXX seventeen days after that written statement, with no notice to me ), and now XX/XX/XXXX, when Capital One requested XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX resume reporting the account again. Capital One 's most recent letter to me, dated XX/XX/XXXX ( XXXX XXXX. XXXX, which was copied to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency as OCC Case No. XXXX ), states verbatim : " Because the account was opened online, there is not a signed copy of an application to provide. '' Capital One has never, across at least nine separate case numbers since XX/XX/XXXX, produced a signed application, IP address or device logs, or any bank record showing I personally made a payment on this account. Its only cited " evidence '' is : ( 1 ) mail sent to a rental property I owned but never lived at or received mail from ; ( 2 ) a phone number tied to a XXXX XXXX account I lost access to in XXXX, five years before this account was opened ; and ( XXXX ) confirmation that my real Social Security number and date of birth appear on the account -- which is not evidence I opened it, but a description of identity theft itself. I am requesting that the CFPB compel Capital One to : ( XXXX ) immediately rescind its XX/XX/XXXX request to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX to resume reporting this account ; ( 2 ) permanently block this account from being furnished to any credit reporting agency under 15 U.S.C. 1681c-2 ; and ( 3 ) provide written, unconditional confirmation that this account does not belong to me and will not be reported or reinserted again.
On XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX an intended single transfer of {$18000.00} from my Bank of America checking account to my XXXX XXXX XXXX account was duplicated due to what appears to have been an error in the XXXX XXXX application. This resulted in two separate {$18000.00} transfer requests against my checking account. As soon as I became aware of the duplicate transaction, I immediately contacted Bank of America by telephone and explained that one of the transfers was erroneous. I specifically requested that the duplicate withdrawal be stopped or that appropriate action be taken to prevent my account from being overdrawn. Despite my prompt notification and request, no action was taken to stop the duplicate withdrawal or otherwise protect my account from an avoidable overdraft. As a result, my checking account was exposed to unnecessary financial hardship, including the risk of overdraft fees, returned payments, and other financial consequences. I find it deeply concerning that, even after notifying Bank of America before the duplicate transaction was completed, I was told that nothing could be done. Customers reasonably expect their financial institution to take appropriate action when an apparent duplicate or erroneous transaction is reported promptly, particularly when it threatens to overdraw an account.
I spoke with Synchrony bank And they closed all my 5 lines with them I have never missed a single payment! I believe it was due to opening a CARECREDIT ACCOUNT & MATTRESSFIRM ACCOUNT. I then requested higher limits on all syncrhiny accounts so my utilization would be lower, and believe that their internal systems just flagged me and cancelled my accounts. I had a revolving credit limit of Lowes card - XXXX - XXXX XXXX Amazon store card - XXXX - XXXX balance Sams Mastercard - XXXX - XXXX balance Mattress firm - XXXX - new account promo XXXX balance Care credit XXXX - new account {$1200.00} promo The only email correspondence I received was they could not approver higher credit limits for XXXX of my accounts.
On XXXX XXXX XXXX I wired XXXX XXXX from my Navy Federal Credit Union to my bank account in XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. On XXXX XXXX XXXX, I travelled to XXXX and went to my bank branch and was surprised to hear that the bank has not received the funds I wired. The bank employee said we will contact XXXX in XXXX to search for the funds. I waited until XXXX XXXX XXXX but in vain so I requested from Navy Federal Credit Union to officially submit a recall which the bank claimed it did on the same day. After few days, I contacted Navy Federal to inquire about any updates and they said unfortunately the bank has not received any response from the receiving bank and that they will escalate the matter. I am still waiting for my funds until no.
I held a Chase Sapphire Reserve account opened in XXXX and accumulated approximately XXXX Ultimate Rewards points under the card 's fixed redemption structure, which valued points at XXXX cents each for travel booked through Chase XXXX Before closing the account, I called Chase XXXX XXXX multiple times, on approximately XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, and XX/XX/XXXX of XXXX to discuss the closure and my points balance. On none of these calls did any XXXX disclose that closing the Sapphire Reserve would reduce the redemption value of my existing points from XXXX cents to XXXX cent per point despite the fact that I specifically asked whether the points would be transferred and maintain their value. Relying on the absence of any information regarding the loss in value for my points due to a transfer, I closed the account on XX/XX/XXXX and moved my points to my Chase XXXX XXXXXXXX card, as the XXXX directed was the proper way to preserve them. On XX/XX/XXXX, while booking travel through the Chase portal, I discovered my points now redeem at XXXX cent each. On a balance of roughly XXXX points, this is a reduction of approximately {$1000.00} in redemption value, a material change to the terms governing points I had already earned, and XXXX of Chase 's XXXX failed to disclose this information despite direct opportunities to do so. I request that Chase review the recorded calls on my account from the dates listed above, which will confirm that no disclosure was made and to review their policies to require providing accurate information for point transfer values from XXXX XXXX XXXX. I have filed a complaint for escalation to Chase 's XXXX XXXX team for review to have my points transferred back at their original value and have provided the case number below. I was told that I would get a response within XXXX business days without guarantee that they would honor the advertised value of my points. This has also created a conflict with my ability to utilize my points for an upcoming trip that I now am required to pay for out of pocket given the delayed response I expect to received without a confirmed outcome. Chase Case Number : XXXX
On XX/XX/XXXX, I received a {$400.00} payment for a XXXX that I had posted. The buyer wanted to use PayPal because they were able to finance it that way and it provided them protection should the XXXX have any issues after purchasing. I have used my PayPal before, but mainly it was used to add and withdraw money from XXXX. Shortly after that, I got an email saying my account was limited and requesting information regarding myself and the transactions. I submitted all of the information and immediately was informed that my account was permanently deactivated and my funds would be held for 180 days. This caused me XXXX XXXX and financial hardship, as I am a single mother who sold the XXXX in order to have more money to buy XXXX gifts. I attempted to refund the buyer so they could pay me another way, but PayPal would not allow it. I contacted them multiple times via email and support, to no avail. On XX/XX/XXXX, I received an email from a XXXX that my funds were eligible for withdrawal, but they were not. Then, on XX/XX/XXXX, days before my balance was set to be eligible for withdrawal, I received an email that my account shared personal information with an account that had a negative balance. I was not told what personal information was shared nor the amount of the negative balance on the other account, just that the email was XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. This is not my account and there was no justification in withholding my funds indefinitely. I appealed to XXXX, but never received a response. PayPal has made it clear that they can outright steal funds from their users due to a clause in their XXXX that gives them the right to withhold funds indefinitely whenever they see fit. I am not the only victim, as there a posts daily on r/PayPal regarding PayPal limiting accounts and holding the funds. They have profited billions at the expense of people like me, withholding small amounts ( under $ XXXX ) knowing that the cost for the victim to take it to court outweighs the initial loss.
I am filing a formal complaint against Ally Bank for a complete failure to conduct a reasonable or thorough investigation into a billing dispute, in direct violation of my consumer rights.I used XXXX to order food, and the merchant deceptively enrolled me in a {$96.00} annual subscription without my explicit consent. I immediately contacted XXXX. A XXXX supervisor acknowledged the error, opened an internal investigation, and explicitly stated they would cancel the subscription on their end. However, due to a system error on XXXXXXXX XXXX part, the cancellation failed to process and the {$96.00} charge hit my account.Because the merchant failed to stop the unauthorized charge as promised, I filed a formal dispute with Ally Bank. Ally Bank has summarily denied my claim and refused my refund, stating the charge was " authorized. " Ally Bank did not perform a thorough or competent investigation. They blindly looked at my past transaction history with XXXX and concluded it was authorized, completely ignoring the fact that a one-time food order does not constitute ongoing consent for a hidden {$96.00} annual plan. Furthermore, they ignored the fact that the merchant had already agreed to cancel it. Ally Bank is failing its regulatory duty to investigate merchant billing errors and is wrongfully withholding my funds.
I have had a capital one cc for over XXXX and never missed a payment. I recently was out of town and for the first time my payment was late by XXXX. I made a payment right away when I got back into town. I was at a hotel and decided to use the card at the pool area with business friends of mine and the card was declined. Was a bit embarrassing since that was the only cc I had on me since we were in the pool. The charge was only {$50.00}. I called and they kept me on the phone for about XXXX and finally wanted to check and verify the funds in my bank account by calling chase with me in XXXX way. He screwed that up as well keeping me long on the phone when he called chases cc dept and not bank. I asked him Ive been with capital one for years and have great cc cant you just approve this {$50.00} transaction and get me out of here? He said no. Didnt care at all knowing payment had been made the day before. Im closing all my accounts with capital one and never again will I deal with them.
My PayPal account was compromised through identity theft on XXXX XXXX. I reported the unauthorized activity, changed my password, provided a police report, disputed the charges with my financial institution, and repeatedly requested that PayPal close or fully restrict the account. On XX/XX/year>, I contacted PayPal several times because additional unauthorized charges and payment attempts continued. PayPal refused to close the account while its investigation was pending. Representatives repeatedly redirected me to the existing chargeback and Resolution Center without addressing my separate request to block future transactions. I asked PayPal to permanently restrict all sending, receiving, recurring payments, payment retries, ACH withdrawals, and charges to linked funding sources. I also requested written confirmation and an escalation case number. PayPal did not confirm that these protections were applied and closed at least one support chat without resolving the issue. I am requesting that PayPal immediately disable all account activity, cancel all automatic payments and merchant authorizations, block every linked funding source, confirm that I am not responsible for unauthorized activity, complete its investigation, and permanently close the account.
On XX/XX/year>, I received an email that appeared to be from XXXX. However, it was a XXXX XXXX that retrieved my Information from a XXXX XXXX. The email said I must input my card information or my tour would be canceled. The XXXX put a picture of a tour. I did have scheduled in XXXX in the email with the correct price and participants. I input my card XXXX time and within XXXX seconds I had XXXX charges. I called Chase Sapphire reserve XXXX XXXX immediately and had my card locked and was told to call back when the charge is posted. I called back on XX/XX/year> and disputed all XXXX charges. I explained to them the situation and attached to any documents I had my initial disputes were denied so I filed a report with the CFPB and the FBI XXXX. I also contacted XXXX by XXXX to dispute these issues with them but received no reply. Chase reopened XXXX of the disputes for the amount of {$580.00} and it was approved in my favor so I received a credit. This dispute was relabeled from I canceled this purchase to I have a problem with this transaction and I believe this is what made the difference. They then reopened the remaining XXXX disputes ; XXXX charges of {$710.00} and another for {$3400.00}. these disputes were denied again on XX/XX/year>. I would like to dispute the remaining XXXX fraudulent charges for a third time. Chase informed me that the charges were a cash advance on my credit card. At the time of these transactions, I was in XXXX, California. I have proof of my location. XXXX XXXX XXXX is based in XXXX. I have never been to XXXX and I have never had an account or try to open an account with this company.
Device was stolen and unauthorized transactions were made. Asking the total amount of {$4400.00} be credited to the account XXXX XXXXXXXX
Respectfully, SoFis response does not answer the questions raised in my complaint. SoFi states that my account activity violated the SoFi Bank Deposit Account Agreement, yet it only quotes an entire section listing several potential reasons an account may be closed. SoFi does not identify which specific provision it contends I violated, nor does it identify any facts supporting that conclusion. Accordingly, I respectfully request that SoFi answer the following : 1. Which exact subsection of the Deposit Account Agreement, including subsection ( i ), ( ii ), ( iii ), or ( iv ), does SoFi contend that I violated? 2. What specific account activity allegedly constituted that violation? 3. If SoFi is relying on subsection ( iii ), what specific SoFi policy or procedure does it contend I violated? 4. If SoFi is relying on subsection ( iv ), what specific facts led SoFi to conclude that my account was involved in suspicious, irregular, unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal activity? 5. Please identify all documents, records, policies, procedures, or internal findings that SoFi relied upon in determining that I was non-compliant with the Deposit Account Agreement. Additionally, SoFis response regarding the loss of my 0.125 % SoFi Plus interest rate discount does not identify the contractual basis for that determination. My Loan Agreement states that the discount is available during periods in which I maintain SoFi Plus enrollment and is lost during periods in which SoFi determines that I have turned off Direct Deposit or have not paid the SoFi Plus Subscription Fee. SoFis response does not identify any provision of my Loan Agreement, the SoFi Plus Terms, or any other governing agreement stating that SoFis unilateral closure of my Checking and Savings accounts, by itself, results in forfeiture of the interest rate discount. If SoFis position is that my SoFi Plus enrollment ended because of alleged non-compliance, please identify the specific contractual provision I allegedly violated and explain how that alleged violation terminated my eligibility for the discount. Finally, multiple SoFi representatives repeatedly provided inconsistent information regarding the disposition of my funds. Until I was finally able to obtain access to my bank statements upon official request, I was repeatedly informed that I should expect a second check representing my savings account balance, separate from the check issued for my checking account. After obtaining my statements, I learned that SoFi had transferred my savings account balance into my checking account before issuing a single check for the combined balance. I was not notified before that transfer occurred, and multiple SoFi representatives continued to advise me that a separate savings check would be issued. I have contemporaneous recordings of these conversations documenting the inconsistent information I was provided. These recordings are relevant to my request for a clear factual explanation of SoFis actions and the basis for its decisions. I have repeatedly requested that SoFi identify the specific contractual provision I allegedly violated. To date, SoFi has declined to do so. Instead, it has responded by quoting a general contractual provision listing several potential reasons an account may be closed without identifying which provision applies to my account or providing the factual basis for its determination. If SoFi maintains that I violated the Deposit Account Agreement, I respectfully request that it identify the specific contractual provision, the factual basis for that determination, and the documents or evidence upon which it relied. If SoFi declines to provide that information, I respectfully request that the CFPB note that SoFi has repeatedly alleged non-compliance without identifying the specific contractual provision allegedly violated or the factual basis for that allegation.
I wired money on XX/XX/year> from my business account ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ) at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX to my Brokerage account at XXXX XXXX ( to be credited to my account of XXXX XXXX XXXX ). The amount of the wire was {$10000.00}. The sender and recipient were the same through the intermediary bank ( Citibank ) and then XXXX XXXX for further credit to my account of XXXX XXXX XXXX. After many inquiries as to why the money was not received by XXXX XXXX, finally, after 5 days, Citibank notified my bank that they placed a hold on the wire because of a possible XXXX issue. Citibank sent 2 sets of questionnaires through my bank ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ), which I answered truthfully and sent back. I also found out that it is not the XXXX XXXX XXXX that is placing a hold on the money but rather Citibank 's internal compliance dept thatis holding the money. It should be noted that Citibank never advised us about this issue until I, through my bank, repeatedly requested the tracking number ; then they responded. Now, Citibank is telling my bank that they don't know when they will finish their review and claimed I just have to wait indefinitely for them to do their review. Speaking to XXXX office they claimed that it is not legal for the bank to hold the money indefinitely without giving a reasonable timetable.
Complaint Against Wells Fargo Bank , N.A . Subject : Forfeiture of Approximately {$2300.00} in Earned Cash Rewards Following Closure of My Wells Fargo Accounts I respectfully request that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau investigate Wells Fargo Bank? s refusal to honor approximately {$2300.00} in earned Cash Rewards after the Bank terminated my banking relationship. Background I have been a Wells Fargo customer and maintained both a checking account and a Wells Fargo Visa credit card. On XX/XX/XXXX, Wells Fargo sent me a letter informing me that, following an internal review conducted for the purpose of managing risk in its banking operations, the Bank had decided to terminate my banking relationship and close my checking account. The letter stated that the Bank? s decision was final. However, the letter did not accuse me of fraud, money laundering, abuse of the account, or any illegal activity. It also did not state that I had violated my Customer Agreement. I complied with the Bank? s request and closed my checking account at a Wells Fargo branch and withdrew my remaining funds. On XX/XX/XXXX, Wells Fargo sent me another letter notifying me that my Wells Fargo Visa credit card account had also been closed. At the time my credit card was closed, I had accumulated approximately {$2300.00} in Cash Rewards. Those rewards had already been earned and were immediately redeemable before my account was closed. However, Wells Fargo refused to allow me to redeem those rewards. The XX/XX/XXXX letter merely states :? If you have a rewards account, it may have been closed and any unredeemed rewards associated with this credit card account may have been forfeited, except where prohibited by law.? The Bank never explained :? whether my rewards were actually forfeited,? why they were forfeited,? which Rewards Program provision authorized the forfeiture,? or why earned and redeemable Cash Rewards were withheld. Customer Agreement Review I carefully reviewed the Wells Fargo Consumer Credit Card Customer Agreement & Disclosure Statement. The Agreement states that Wells Fargo may close a credit card account at any time. However, I could not find any provision in the Customer Agreement stating that Wells Fargo may automatically confiscate or forfeit already-earned and redeemable Cash Rewards simply because the Bank decided to close the account. If Wells Fargo relies on a separate Rewards Program Agreement, the Bank has never identified that agreement or the specific provision that authorizes forfeiture of my rewards. My Request I respectfully request that CFPB require Wells Fargo to : 1.Confirm whether my approximately {$2300.00} Cash Rewards were forfeited. 2.Identify the exact provision of the Wells Fargo Rewards Program Terms and Conditions that authorizes forfeiture under my circumstances. 3.Explain why my already-earned and redeemable Cash Rewards were not paid to me. 4.Restore or pay my approximately {$2300.00} Cash Rewards if Wells Fargo can not demonstrate a valid contractual or legal basis for withholding them. 5.Provide a complete written explanation supporting its decision. Conclusion I am not challenging Wells Fargo? s right to close my accounts. My complaint concerns the Bank? XXXX refusal to honor approximately {$2300.00} in Cash Rewards that had already been earned and were available for redemption before my account was closed. I respectfully ask CFPB to review this matter and require Wells Fargo to provide a complete explanation and appropriate relief. Thank you for your time and assistance. Sincerely, XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX
Its was XXXX withdrawal from my account in a branch on XX/XX/XXXX I didnt notice my cards was stolen or the money was withdrawn until about XXXX days later in Wells Fargo said i authorized it so I cant get my money back they never showed me a camera with who was in the bank on the day or nothing they just said I gave the person my XXXX number that doesnt make any sense
On XX/XX/year>, I opened a promotional financing account with CareCredit/Synchrony for {$4300.00} to pay for XXXX XXXX. I selected an XXXX " 0 % interest '' promotional plan, believing this meant either a fixed installment plan that would pay off the balance in 18 months, or at minimum that only my remaining balance would begin accruing interest after 18 months. I made payments every month for the full 18 months and reduced my balance to approximately {$2500.00}. At the end of the promotional period, CareCredit/Synchrony charged me approximately {$2300.00} in deferred interest, calculated retroactively on the original {$4300.00} balance from the date of account opening, not on my remaining balance. This brought my total balance to roughly {$4700.00}, more than the original amount I borrowed, despite having made consistent, on-time payments throughout. I do not recall receiving a clear disclosure at account opening that failure to pay off the full original balance would trigger retroactive interest on the entire original amount. I was also unable to log into my online account for a period of time during the promotional period, which limited my ability to monitor any notices about the approaching deadline or payoff amount needed to avoid this charge. Any disclosure of this deferred interest structure that did exist was in fine print on a billing statement, not clearly or prominently communicated. I called CareCredit/Synchrony to dispute this charge and request assistance, and was told there was nothing they could do. I ultimately paid the full balance using a separate credit card and closed the account to stop further charges. I am still struggling financially with this now greater than I took out balance. I paid them over $ XXXX and now I have this immense burden on my family. We can not pay this extra amount. It was all we could do to pay the monthly payments the first time. I would have never chosen this.
My monthly VA disability compensation and my OPM disability retirement benefits were directly deposited into my USAA Federal Savings Bank checking account. Both are federal benefit payments protected under 38 U.S.C. 5301 ( a ) ( VA ) and 5 U.S.C. 8346 and 8470 ( OPM ), and are recognized as protected federal benefits under 31 CFR Part 212. My USAA account currently shows a negative balance. That negative balance exists only because USAA credited my account with funds that were fraudulently taken and then clawed those funds back. Those charges are still actively being disputed as fraudulent and have not been resolved. USAA is applying my protected federal disability and retirement funds against this disputed negative balance. On or about XX/XX/year>, I called USAA and spoke with a member of the Member Relations Team ( MRT ), who confirmed that these funds were federally protected benefits, that they should not be applied to the negative balance, and that they would be rejected and sent back to the U.S. Treasury rather than applied to the balance. That call was recorded by USAA. USAA can locate and review the recorded call from on or about XX/XX/year>, in which its representative confirmed the funds were protected and would be rejected and returned to the U.S. Treasury. This confirmation was also entered into my account annotations/notes. On XX/XX/year>, at approximately XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX, I spoke with another USAA MRT representative, named XXXX. I explained repeatedly that the funds were to have been rejected, that my account is negative only because USAA credited it with the fraudulently taken funds and then clawed them back, and that the representative I spoke with on XX/XX/year>, told me the funds were federally protected benefits that should not be applied to the negative balance and should instead be sent back to the U.S. Treasury. This call was also recorded, and USAA advised me it would be recorded. USAA can reference the recorded call from XX/XX/year>, at approximately XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX During that call, the representative reviewed the documents on USAAs end and confirmed that the funds were in fact processed to be sent back and that USAAs records show they should have been returned. She stated USAA sent these documents on XX/XX/year>, and that the process typically takes 7 to 10 business days. That 7-to-10 business day window has now fully elapsed, and USAA has still not completed the return of my protected funds. This process is taking entirely too long, and I remain without access to one of my only sources of income. I am homeless and completely without money to buy food. I am going hungry. Later in that same call, the representative told me to reach out to the VA and OPM regarding the funds. This directly contradicts what she had just confirmed that USAA itself processed the return on XX/XX/year>, and that the funds were on USAAs end awaiting completion within USAAs own 7-to-10 business day timeframe. Following her instruction, I contacted the VA, and the VA was unable to locate my VA disability funds and confirmed the money has not been sent back to them. This confirms that USAA has not actually completed the return it claims to have processed. The funds are not in the possession of the VA or OPM, and it is USAA not the VA or OPM that initiated and controls the pending return. Redirecting me to the VA and OPM is an improper attempt to shift responsibility for completing a process that USAA already started and that its own records show should have been finished. Separately, and I believe as a direct result of a prior CFPB complaint I filed against USAA, USAA has elected to no longer do business with me and is closing my accounts. USAA has given no reason for this action other than the fact that I exercised my right to file a complaint. I believe this is retaliation against me for filing a CFPB complaint. USAAs own recorded calls, account annotations, and internal documents confirm its representatives have repeatedly acknowledged these are protected federal benefits that should have been rejected and returned to the U.S. Treasury. Despite these acknowledgments and USAAs own records showing the funds were processed to be sent back on XX/XX/year>, USAA has failed to complete the process within its own stated 7-to-10 business day timeframe, and the receiving agency confirms the funds have not arrived. I am asking the CFPB to require USAA to immediately complete the return of my protected VA and OPM benefit funds to the U.S. Treasury. Desired resolution : Immediate completion of the rejection and return of my VA disability and OPM disability retirement funds to the U.S. Treasury ; a written explanation of why the return was not completed within USAAs own stated 7-to-10 business day timeframe after being processed on XX/XX/year>, when the receiving agency confirms it has not received the funds ; cessation of applying protected federal benefits to a disputed, unresolved account balance ; resolution of the pending fraud dispute ; confirmation that USAA not the VA or OPM is responsible for completing the return it processed on XX/XX/year> ; and an explanation of USAAs decision to close my accounts following my prior complaint.
On XX/XX/year>, two separate {$1000.00} XXXX transfers were sent from two different USAA accounts, for a total of {$2000.00}. USAA returned the {$1000.00} sent from the account ending in XXXX. This complaint concerns only the second {$1000.00} XXXX transfer sent from the account ending in XXXX. USAA has not returned this {$1000.00}. USAA assigned dispute ID XXXX to this transaction. The transfer was authorized from the account to a mobile telephone number that we reasonably believed belonged to the intended recipient, XXXX XXXX. The intended recipient did not receive the money. A later USAAXXXX screen showed that the telephone number was enrolled under the name XXXX XXXX XXXX indicating that the number was associated with someone other than the intended recipient. USAA denied dispute XXXX on XX/XX/year>, stating that the transaction had been initiated by an authorized user. I am not claiming that an unauthorized person accessed the sending account. The problem is that the authorized payment was delivered to an unintended person because the telephone number was enrolled under a different name. After I requested the information and documents used in the investigation, USAA sent a response dated XX/XX/year>, using a different number, XXXX, for the same {$1000.00} amount and the same account ending in XXXX. The materials did not clearly identify who received the money, the receiving financial institution, whether the receiving institution was contacted, or whether USAA made a documented attempt to recover the funds. USAA returned the separate {$1000.00} associated with account ending in XXXX. This complaint is not about that refunded transaction. This complaint concerns only the remaining unreimbursed {$1000.00} sent from account ending in XXXX. I am requesting that USAA provide a complete transaction trace, explain the relationship between dispute XXXX and documentation number XXXX, identify the receiving financial institution, document all recovery efforts, contact the receiving institution to seek return of the funds, and return the unresolved {$1000.00}.
When upgrading my phone to XXXX XXXX XXXX, I had to wipe the new phone 3 times, each time adding my credit and debit cards to XXXX XXXX in a quick succession, then wiping the phone to start over. On the last attempt, my Wells Fargo XXXX card ( authorized user card on my wifes account ) started throwing a Card not added. Contact card issuer for more information. error.
Zelle has failed to properly investigate my claims and assisting in recovering my lost funds with my financial institution. Zelle informed me that recovering a {$2000.00} transaction made on my financial institutions website on XX/XX/year> was not possible, despite the CFPB stating in recent times that Zelle has failed to properly and adequately protect its users and consumers. In addition to that, they refuse to properly assist with investigating these claims with the financial institution, leaving average Zelle users vulnerable to financial exploitation using a service their bank permits them to use. I have attempted to settle this matter 3x now to no avail.
XX/XX/XXXX I added money to the account that XXXX sent me two debit cards to Mail that I did not even ask for and once I added money, they deactivated the account and sent an email. The account was closed then they sent money through mail which took seven days longer when one of the agents stopped first class to get my check in mail with late fee fees on utilities and rent monthly payment to do not want to pay for my late fees after they sent my money that I added a day closed on me need help get reimbursed for my lease fees on my bills and rent XXXX my name is XXXX XXXX
On XXXX XXXX XXXX I obtained a cashier 's check for {$2000.00} drawn off my money market account at XXXX XXXX XXXX. I deposited this check in the Wells Fargo ATM on XXXX XXXX in XXXX XXXX, CA. My receipt showed the bank held back {$1600.00} from the deposit, in spite of it being a cashier 's check. I asked the banker about this and he said the check had to be " processed ''. I went to another Wells Fargo ( located in XXXX XXXX on XXXX XXXX ) and the teller told me cashier 's checks are not put on any hold. I asked her to make the remaining deposit available to me. She called a banker who said the check is not on hold but was being " processed ''. He asked if I wanted to make a complaint and I declined. I then phoned Wells Fargo and the agent told me that the check was on hold and her supervisor said the same. All three bankers were condescending while refusing to make the funds available.
Issue Description : Unjustified Account Deactivation and Withholding of Personal Funds ( {$300.00} ) Complaint Narrative : PayPal has permanently restricted my consumer account and is withholding {$300.00} of my personal funds due to an automated system misclassification.PayPal 's automated compliance system flagged an incoming transaction of {$300.00} and erroneously classified me as a " seller '' or " merchant '' operating an unauthorized business. In reality, I am strictly a consumer. This {$300.00} transaction was a direct refund from a merchant for an item I previously purchased. The merchant issued the refund as a standard transfer rather than utilizing the " issue refund '' button, which triggered PayPal 's automated merchant risk flags. I have already provided PayPal 's customer support with irrefutable documentation, including : Complete chat and conversation logs with the merchant explicitly arranging this specific refund.Proof of the original transaction showing I am the buyer.PayPal 's customer support has refused to manually review this evidence, relying instead on automated responses to permanently closemy account and freeze my {$300.00} balance. Because this money is an incoming refund to a consumerand not a commercial salethere is absolutely XXXX risk of a chargeback or financial loss to PayPal.Desired Resolution : I request that a human compliance analyst manually review the uploaded chat logs and transaction history to verify that this was a consumer refund. I request that PayPal immediately overturn the permanent account restriction, or at an absolute minimum, grant me immediate access to withdraw my {$300.00} balance, as holding consumer refund money constitutes an unfair and deceptive business practice.
Unprofessional, rude, and completely unacceptable customer service. I am writing this out of sheer desperation and frustration. Every attempt to resolve my transaction issues has resulted in representatives hanging up the phone on me. There is an absolute lack of basic human interaction, empathy, or competence. Instead of assisting a customer, this bank relies on automated scripts and hostile phone behavior to avoid doing their jobs. I demand that a qualified manager or executive-level representative contact me directly to handle my account transaction without hanging up. Do not bank here if you expect transparency or basic human decency.
On XX/XX/year> I received a message from XXXX XXXX from BMO through the CFPB portal dancing around the fact that I submitted documentation for verification of identity to open a checking account with the bank. In the letter I received, XXXX XXXX stated that the bank didn't receive all the requested documents. Why was there only a copy of my utility bill uploaded or submitted? I gave the banker at the local branch a copy of my ID, social security card and a utility bill ( proof of address ). The letter also stated to submit a lease. Why am I submitting a lease when the correspondence I received via email says for proof of address I can submit documentation SUCH AS, the email doesn't say submit every document listed. Again, I didn't only submit a utility bill. XXXX XXXX needs to be disciplined for her negligence. It seems like she didn't want my accounts to be opened and that's what happened. Did XXXX XXXX also speak to XXXX at the branch? It doesn't seem like it because he wouldn't have wasted his time even sending that frivolous response. Also, lets say I did have to submit all of the documentation listed- why did no one reach out? I'm calling it what it is- you all XXXX and XXXX people of " XXXX '' and then try to deny when called out. You handle people of " XXXX '' like we are XXXX and XXXX XXXX, exactly what XXXX did on XX/XX/year>. I did not only submit a utility bill to that XXXX and she knows it.
This complaint concerns a new and separate unauthorized offset transaction that occurred after I had already filed CFPB Complaint No. XXXX against Bank of America . On XX/XX/year>, Bank of America debited {$4000.00} from my personal checking account under the description : Offset payment to acct XXXX. This XX/XX/year> transaction was not included in my original CFPB complaint because it occurred after that complaint had already been submitted and transmitted to Bank of America. This is therefore not a duplicate complaint. It concerns a new transaction and a material continuation of the same disputed conduct while Bank of America was already reviewing my initial complaint. The history is as follows : XX/XX/year> Offset payment to account ending XXXX {$2200.00} XX/XX/year> Offset payment to account ending XXXX {$4300.00} XX/XX/year> Offset payment to account ending XXXX {$2600.00} XX/XX/year> Offset payment to account ending XXXX {$4000.00} The total amount Bank of America has now removed from my personal checking account through these disputed offset transactions is {$13000.00}. The XX/XX/XXXX transaction is particularly serious because it occurred after : XXXX. I had disputed the prior offset transactions in writing ; XXXX certified correspondence had been sent to Bank of America ; XXXX. CFPB Complaint No. XXXX had been filed on XX/XX/year> ; XXXX the CFPB had transmitted that complaint to Bank of America XXXX and XXXX. Bank of America had stated that it was reviewing the matter. Despite having actual notice that I disputed its authority to use my personal checking account to satisfy these obligations, Bank of America proceeded with another offset of {$4000.00}. The offset appears to have been applied to a credit card account associated with a separate business entity or LLC. My personal checking account is legally separate from that business entity. I did not authorize Bank of America to withdraw {$4000.00} from my personal checking account on XX/XX/year>. I have not been provided with any signed personal guaranty, cardholder agreement, credit application, security agreement, account-linking agreement, or other document establishing that I am personally liable for the business account ending in XXXX or authorizing Bank of America to debit my personal account. Bank of America has also failed to provide a satisfactory written explanation identifying the contractual authority relied upon for these repeated offsets. I request that the CFPB treat this complaint as a new complaint concerning the separate XX/XX/year> transaction, while also considering the prior complaint and the continuing pattern of disputed withdrawals. I am attaching : A screenshot showing the XX/XX/year> debit of {$4000.00} ; The corresponding bank account record or statement ; A copy of CFPB Complaint No. XXXX ; Copies of prior written disputes sent to Bank of America ; Certified mail receipts and delivery confirmations ; Copies of prior offset notices and account records. Bank of America should be required to explain why it continued to remove funds from my personal account after receiving notice of the dispute and while the prior CFPB complaint remained open.
Re : Request for Investigation Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act Dear Sir or Madam, I am writing to formally dispute the reporting of late payments on XXXX of the accounts appearing on my credit report. After reviewing my credit reports from all three nationwide credit reporting agencies, I discovered an inconsistency regarding the same account. The account reflects the following : XXXX reports XXXX XXXX-day late payments. Equifax reports XXXX XXXX-day late payments. Experian reports XXXX XXXX-day late payments. Since this is the same account reported by the same creditor, the payment history should be accurate and consistent across all XXXX credit bureaus. The differing number of reported late payments raises serious concerns regarding the accuracy and completeness of the information being reported. Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( 15 U.S.C. 1681i ), I respectfully request that you conduct a reasonable investigation to verify the accuracy of the reported payment history. If the furnisher can not provide documentation supporting each reported late payment, or if the information can not be verified as accurate, I request that the inaccurate or unverifiable late payment entries be corrected or removed from my credit file. Please provide me with the results of your investigation, including any documentation relied upon to verify the disputed information. Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.
On Tuesday, XX/XX/XXXX, a refund of {$160.00} was issued to my debit card via PayPal. PayPal explicitly promised in writing via email that the funds would be available by XX/XX/year>, and marked the transaction as 'Completed ' with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. My card issuer, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, has tracked this XXXX and confirmed the electronic files have never reached their servers. PayPal has used deceptive 'Early Refund ' marketing language to claim a transfer is complete when the funds are actually missing or held up on their outbound network. I am facing financial stagnation due to this missing balance. I require PayPal 's executive escalations team to trace this network file immediately or credit my account
It is very difficult to get a hold of anyone at Bank of America to talk about overdraft fees and other fees. I was on hold for over an hour and the mobile chat does not work. Messages sent through their XXXX XXXX XXXX do not actually make it to the XXXX on the other line, and there are often glitches where XXXX repeats the same chat sequence in an endless loop.
I had fraudulent transactions on my Chase checking account for over XXXX dollars several online purchases from overseas that XXXX didn't make. This happen started from XXXX of XX/XX/2026until XXXX of XX/XX/2026. I contacted Chase they put XXXX back into my account, i had several outstanding bills that I had to pay. Now Chase bank is saying that I needed to pay the money back in 60 days. I spoke with Chase and advised them that I was XX/XX/XXXXand been in the hospital and just recently had XX/XX/XXXXXXXX and Im recovering from it. Be advised that there investigation on took a couple of weeks. I don't have that kind of money being that I'm of victim and recovering from and assault. I need someone in you agency to help me with my case.
Hello My name is XXXX XXXX and Im having issue with Chase Bank regarding overpayments on my checking account. XXXX. XXXX Overpayment of {$10.00} Merchant Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. XXXX Overpayment of {$10.00} Merchant Name : XXXX XXXX Payment Accidental Overpayments- Entered an extra zero and paid {$10.00} instead of {$1.00}. I opened a claim with my bank ( Chase Bank ) they denied the claim and told me that I authorize these transactions. Please help me to find a correct solution in this case because I did not Authorize these overpayments. Thanks
I have tried XXXX times to close my account. I haven't used it in years and I have spoken to XXXX XXXX XXXX agents and XXXX XXXX XXXX all who say that I either have to verify my identity, which I have done and was passed or I have something pending. I have nothing pending since I have not used the account in years. Every time I speak to an agent they either tell me those things and hang up immediately or end the chat. It seems like they are trying to stop people from closing their accounts. I seriously can not get a hold of anyone longer than a few seconds, they are blatantly ignoring me and keep asking why I want to close the account.
I opened an account with 5th 3rd bank ( case number XXXX ) ( XXXX account number ) and my father transferred {$290.00} dollars from his XXXX XXXX account to fund it. The transfer was accepted and a week later they froze the account and funds. Ive spoke to them on the phone several times and visited the XXXX Ohio branch on XX/XX/year> with id and birth certificate to get no resolution. The bank is threatening to turn me in which could impact me from setting up an account for XXXX years. They also have not released the money my father transferred. It was due to a mismatch on his XXXX XXXX account ( XXXX XXXX ) and my account. I wasnt committing XXXX. Please see if this can be resolved as I do not want put on consumer reporting agency and I just want my money back and the account closed. Im banking elsewhere.
In its final response to my previous CFPB complaint, Spritz Finance stated that my remaining balance of {$30.00} had been refunded and that the matter had been resolved. However, as of today, I have not received the refund, any confirmation email, any transaction hash ( TxID ), or any information regarding where the refund was sent. After reviewing the company 's response, I immediately contacted Spritz by email requesting proof of the refund, including the transaction hash, refund date, destination wallet address, and refund method. I have not received any response. I am not disputing that my account remains closed. My complaint is that Spritz informed the CFPB that the refund had been processed, but I have not received the funds or any verifiable proof that the refund was actually sent. I respectfully request that Spritz provide evidence of the refund, including the transaction hash ( TxID ), destination wallet or account, refund date, and refund method, or complete the refund if it has not yet been processed.
When I was XXXX I opend an account and I got an email threw my school email saying " remote jobs '' it described being paid XXXX a week having a job while focusing on school. Thought it was from the school, I went threw with applying and was told to send the check that they sent me, to a charity threw pay pall, I pulled money out and sent XXXX to a " charity '' then few weeks later turned out the check was fraud and my account was frozen
I had {$0.00} or less in my account t. They allowed SEVERAL UNAUTHORIZED drafts to complete resulting in my account falling even FURTHER into the negative! And EACH TIME HIT ME WITH AN OVERDRAFT FEE ON TOP OF IT! When I called to try and get it resolved I was passed around from department to department and one lady called me a XXXX XXXX XXXX. I can not for the life of me understand how these establishments are able to get away with this!! Its robbing people who are already down. They ALLOW drafts when theres NO MONEY to draft from so they can hit us with fee after fee after fee!!!! This should be illegal! Its THEFT!
A representative named XXXX XXXX whose number is XXXX is illegally holding my money and will not let me withdraw my funds. There is {$57000.00} being held. XXXX XXXX all my accounts were closed and they are refusing to release all my money to me. My account number at US bank is XXXX. I did a wire transfer into the account XXXX XXXX from XXXX XXXX brokerage account and closed it that day so XXXX can no longer recall the money because the account is closed and I was the one who did the wire.
Complaint Against PNC Bank Unexplained Freeze of Personal Loan Proceeds and Accounts On XXXX XXXX XXXX, I obtained a {$35000.00} personal loan from PNC Bank. After receiving the loan proceeds, I used approximately {$12000.00} to {$13000.00} for legitimate personal expenses. Approximately {$18000.00} of the loan proceeds remained in my account. Shortly thereafter, PNC froze or restricted access to my personal funds. On Friday, XX/XX/scrub>XXXX XXXX XXXX I spoke with a PNC representative, XXXX XXXX, who informed me that the restriction was due to a {$1700.00} delinquency on my separate business account. She explained that PNC had linked my business account with my personal accounts and that this delinquency was the reason my personal funds had been frozen. On XXXX XXXX, I made a {$50.00} payment toward the business account as a good-faith payment. Despite that payment, PNC froze my access to the remaining loan proceeds. On Monday, after following up with PNC, another representative advised me that my case had been escalated and provided me with Escalation Number XXXX. I was told that XXXX XXXX would contact me regarding the matter. I never received the promised call or any follow-up communication. When I called PNC again today, I was finally connected with XXXX XXXX. She stated that my account was still " under review '' and that she was waiting for a response. When I asked what was being reviewed, she could not provide a clear explanation. This was confusing because she had already informed me on XXXX XXXX that the reason for the freeze was the delinquency on my business account. I have now received inconsistent information from PNC regarding the status of my account restriction. Although I was previously given a specific reason for the freeze, I am now being told only that the matter remains under review, without any explanation of what is being reviewed or why the process has not been completed. To date, I have contacted PNC multiple times seeking answers. I have not received : A written explanation for freezing my personal loan proceeds. The contractual or legal authority PNC relied upon to freeze my personal funds because of a delinquency on a separate business account. A clear explanation of what is currently under review. A timeline for completing the review. The promised callback from the escalation representative. The freeze has prevented me from accessing approximately {$18000.00} of my personal loan proceeds, causing financial hardship and uncertainty. I believe PNC has failed to provide clear, timely, and consistent information regarding the restriction placed on my account.
Complaint Against Avant Failure to Respond, Dispute of Account Balance, and Request for Resolution I am submitting this complaint regarding Avants handling of my account, failure to provide a reasonable opportunity to resolve the account, and concerns regarding the accuracy of the balance being reported and collected. I have made repeated attempts to contact Avant by phone and email to discuss resolving this account through a settlement arrangement. Despite my efforts over several weeks, Avant has failed to provide a meaningful response regarding settlement options. When I call Avant, I have been unable to reach a representative or department that can review my account and discuss resolution options. I am attempting to resolve this matter in good faith ; however, Avant has not provided a reasonable way for me to communicate with someone who has authority to review my account. My concern is that the original credit amount was approximately {$300.00}, but Avant is now stating that I owe approximately {$620.00}. I dispute the fairness and accuracy of this amount because the balance appears to have increased significantly due to fees, interest, and other charges rather than the original amount borrowed. I am requesting a complete review of this account, including : * The original amount owed; * A detailed itemization of all fees, interest, and charges added to the account; * A complete payment history ; * An explanation of how the current balance of approximately {$620.00} was calculated ; * A review of the information Avant is furnishing to the credit reporting agencies. I am not refusing to resolve this account. I am requesting a fair opportunity to settle the account based on the original balance and receive a reasonable resolution. I believe Avant should review whether the additional fees and charges are appropriate and provide transparency regarding how the balance increased. Desired Resolution : I am requesting that Avant : 1. Conduct a full review of my account and the reported balance. 2. Provide a written explanation and itemized breakdown of all charges that increased the balance. 3. Escalate my account to a department or representative authorized to review settlement options. 4. Offer a reasonable settlement option based on the original amount owed. 5. Ensure that all credit reporting information is accurate and updated appropriately after resolution. I have attempted to resolve this directly with Avant but have not received adequate assistance. I am requesting CFPB assistance in obtaining a response and a fair review of this matter.
I paid off an entire balance for my Comenity XXXX 's card in XX/XX/year>. This total was {$130.00}. Once this was paid off, I stopped using the card. I didn't make any purchases. XX/XX/year> i start receiving No Caller ID calls, and I didn't answer. Finally, I answer and Comenity XXXX is telling me that I owe XXXX months of late fees due to a {$2.00} paper statement fee being late. I've received no paper statements and no emails from them. I can't access my account because the only way to access it is to use the card 's account number, which I don't have because I've never received a card or statement from them.
On XX/XX/XXXX, an in-store purchase of {$45.00} was made in XXXX XXXX XXXX California using my credit card. At the time of this transaction, I was physically located in New Jersey, not California, and my credit card was in my possession. Because I was not present in California and did not authorize or complete this purchase, I contacted TD Bank to report the transaction as fraudulent and requested that the charge be disputed. TD Bank denied my fraud claim, stating that the transaction was in line with purchase history. However, this explanation does not address the key facts of the situation. The transaction occurred in a location where I was not physically present, and I did not give anyone permission to use my card. During the investigation process, TD Bank did not request any additional information or documentation from me that could have helped verify my claim, such as proof of my location, travel records, or any other supporting evidence. My attempts to reopen or refile the claim have also continued to be denied. I was also informed that the amount of the transaction was not significant enough to be considered fraud. The amount of a transaction should not determine whether unauthorized use occurred. A fraudulent transaction is still fraudulent regardless of whether the charge is {$45.00} or a larger amount. Based on the circumstances, it appears the claim was not thoroughly reviewed and that the decision may have relied on limited or automated review criteria rather than a complete investigation of the facts.
Issue : Credit card dispute improperly denied despite written merchant evidence. I am submitting this complaint because Citi failed XXXX properly investigate my billing dispute. I disputed an approximately {$1300.00} charge from XXXX for an upgrade that XXXX cancelled. XXXX sent me an official email stating : We have cancelled your upgrade offer for this flight. You will not be charged XXXX you do not need XXXX take any further action. Despite this written representation, the charge was posted XXXX my Citi XXXX account. During the dispute process, Citi informed me that XXXX stated upgrades are not refundable XXXX denied my claim. My dispute is not based on XXXX general refund policy. It is based on XXXX specific written promise that I would not be charged. I provided Citi with XXXX written cancellation notice, but Citi nevertheless accepted the merchants later statement without adequately addressing the documentary evidence.
My credit card XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, appeal approved XXXX funds returned ) XXXX Debit card ( XXXX XXXX, fraud claim denied and subsequent appeal denied ) were stolen out of my locker, without my knowledge, while performing a clinical rotation during XXXX school on XXXX XX/XX/XXXX. My debit card with Navy Federal, was used for XXXX transactions via XXXX, out of XXXX, WA while I was at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, WA. {$240.00}, {$190.00}, {$130.00}, and {$120.00} were the charges for a total of {$690.00}. I received a call from Navy Federal on XXXX XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX, which went XXXX voicemail because I was on the floor assisting patients. I returned their call at XXXX XXXX informed them that my cards, XXXX XXXX XXXX ( credit ) XXXX Navy Federal ( debit ) were no longer in my wallet that was in the locker, XXXX that I did not authorize any charges made by XXXX XXXX. I was granted a temporary credit, which was taken back by Navy Fed on XXXX XX/XX/XXXX due XXXX my appeal being denied. I called XXXX XXXX submit a police report XXXX was given the following case number : XXXX. After my report, I did not hear back from the XXXX who said they would be submitting my case as a courtesy call, later found out that it needed XXXX be filed in the area of the crime ( XXXX ) XXXX not where the charges were made ( XXXX ). So, I submitted a new report XXXX the XXXX XXXX in XXXX : case number XXXX. My fraud appeal claim for charges I did not know about nor did I approve, was denied today, XXXX XX/XX/XXXX. I was not the only victim that day or the next week from this person, as I had multiple XXXX get their cards stolen XXXX their money returned. I have had my money returned XXXX me by XXXX XXXX XXXX, but Navy Federal has denied my claim XXXX my appeal.
Paid {$1200.00} on XX/XX/XXXX using funds from your Chime account through XXXX XXXX. Ordered custom grillz. The seller repeatedly delayed completing the order. Requested a full refund on XX/XX/XXXX because the work was never completed. The seller never refunded the money. XXXX XXXX instructed you to dispute the transaction with Chime because the funds came from your Chime account. Filed a dispute with Chime on XX/XX/XXXX. Submitted screenshots of your conversations showing the order, the delays, the refund request, and that no refund was ever received. Chime denied the dispute twice without, in your view, adequately addressing the evidence.
Arvest bank threatened to ruin my credit and also filed a lawsuit to intimidate me to get payments, this behavior is a violation of the equal credit opportunity act the letter is enclosed.
I was the POA for XXXX XXXX my XXXX XXXX XXXX aunt. XXXX passed away on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX left her accounts with PNC to her brother XXXX XXXX my XXXX XXXX XXXX uncle as POD. I informed PNC Bank XXXX XX/XX/XXXX that XXXX passed away and i wanted to make sure her accountsw ere frozen for XXXX I went to PNC on XX/XX/XXXX to renew The CD she left XXXX until I could become POA for XXXX and collect the money. The first week of XXXX i saw on her statement that a neighbor cashed a check against the account he used a check from the back of her checkbook i reported that to PNC and they thought that that fraud was ok!!!!!!!!!!!! Little did i know that anyone who wanted was able to cash checks against a dead ladies account ........... that went on until her acount was overdrawn in XX/XX/XXXX PNC FAILED TO ADHERE TO THE SIMPLEST RULE i dont know how much was sucked outa her account only PNC knows but I want that money back for XXXX PNC did nothing but LIE to me they dont even return calls as promised XXXX is the one lying to me. She made me go to the bank many times and never calle das promised.
Complaint Against Wells Fargo XXXX XXXX Return Funds Following Account Closure On XX/XX/year>, I contacted Wells Fargo XXXX close my checking account. At the time of my call, my account had a negative balance of {$2.00}. During the call, the representative informed me that the negative balance would need XXXX be resolved before the account could be successfully closed. I advised the representative that I would transfer funds XXXX cover the balance. Because Wells Fargo requires a minimum transfer of {$10.00}, I transferred {$10.00} while I was still on the phone. The representative understood that this transfer was being made solely XXXX satisfy the outstanding balance so the account could be closed. However, before the call ended, I received an email from Wells Fargo stating that a credit had been applied XXXX my account for the monthly service fee, eliminating the {$2.00} negative balance. At no point during the call did the representative advise me that this credit would be issued. Had I been informed, I would not have initiated the {$10.00} transfer. As a result of the service fee credit, my account was able XXXX close while my {$10.00} transfer was already in transit. Since that date, I have not received my {$10.00} back. Instead, I have been provided multiple, contradictory explanations by Wells Fargo representatives regarding what happened XXXX my funds. I have been told : * The funds could not be applied because the account was closed XXXX were therefore sent back XXXX my bank. * The transfer was reversed on XX/XX/year>, which is contradictory because Wells Fargo also stated that funds can not be applied XXXX a closed account. * The transfer was later said XXXX have been reversed on XX/XX/year>. * After questioning those inconsistencies, I was then told the transfer was never reversed XXXX was never received. These explanations can not all be true. Today, I participated in a XXXX call with Wells Fargo XXXX my financial institution. During that call, my bank explained that my disputes were being rejected with a finding of no error because Wells Fargo had indicated that they would not refund my money, not because the funds had actually been returned. Despite all of these conflicting explanations, XXXX XXXX only proposed solution was to submit an internal complaint XXXX advise me XXXX wait for a response. That is not an acceptable resolution. I am not seeking another explanation. I am seeking the immediate return of my {$10.00}, which has been unaccounted for since XX/XX/year>. I respectfully request that Wells Fargo : * XXXX an immediate investigation into the whereabouts of my {$10.00} transfer. * Provide documentation showing exactly what occurred with the transfer, including any receipt, rejection, or reversal. * XXXX my {$10.00} to my account without further delay if the funds can not be shown XXXX have already been returned. * Explain why I have received multiple contradictory explanations from Wells Fargo representatives regarding the same transaction. The dollar amount may be small, but accurate accounting, transparency, XXXX accountability are not. My funds should not remain unaccounted for because of conflicting internal explanations. I expect this matter XXXX be resolved expeditiously.
On XX/XX/XXXX, an unauthorized XXXX payment of {$1100.00} was sent from my USAA checking account to a recipient listed as " XXXX '' at phone number XXXX XXXX. I did not authorize, initiate, or have any knowledge of this transaction. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, who has shared access to my account ( he opened it when I was a XXXX ), alerted me to this transaction because his own USAA account was also hit with a fraudulent XXXX payment around the same time. I filed Dispute # XXXX with USAA. The dispute was denied on the basis that the IP address associated with the recipient was not flagged as unrecognized. This reasoning is flawed : the IP was " recognized '' only because the same unauthorized party conducted an identical fraudulent XXXX transaction from my account on XX/XX/XXXX ( Dispute # XXXX ). A repeat offender naturally produces a familiar IP. The evidence against this transaction being legitimate is substantial : XXXX. The recipient phone number ( XXXX ) does not exist. A search on XXXX returns XXXX results, and a XXXX search returns no legitimate person or business. A valid XXXX payment can not be sent to a nonexistent phone number by an authorized user. XXXX. I did not log into the USAA mobile app on XX/XX/XXXX, or XXXX, XXXX. I have devicelevel screenshots proving this. USAA requires use of the mobile app to send XXXX payments, so if I never opened the app, I could not have initiated this transaction. XXXX. USAA 's own XXXX activity log within the app shows no activity in the last XXXX days, meaning the system itself has no record of me sending this payment. XXXX. There is no recipient named " XXXX '' or either phone number in my XXXX contacts list. Every person I have legitimately sent XXXX payments to appears in this list. XXXX. I received no email confirmation for this transaction. Every other legitimate XXXX payment I have ever sent generated a confirmation email. XXXX. XXXX linked family accounts ( mine and my father 's ) were targeted with unauthorized XXXX payments at the same time, indicating a coordinated attack, not customer-initiated activity. I have submitted a detailed evidence document with screenshots and screen recordings to USAA. All supporting materials are available at : XXXX XXXX XXXX I am requesting that USAA reverse this unauthorized transaction and restore {$1100.00} to my account.
1 ) On or about XX/XX/year>,, after I was sent an aggressive marketing offer promising me XXXX Delta Skymiles for signing up for American Express 's Delta SkyMiles Gold Card, I went online to sign up for it. 2 ) I read the Terms & Conditions and the small print thats probably because of my legal training as well as being a journalist who sometimes wrote about such things at XXXX and XXXX for 25 years I did my homework since I had previously owned a similar card. I learned that whereas, say, XXXXXXXX XXXX has a firm rule excluding eligibility for miles if an applicant has owned a similar card within the prior 24 months, Amexs rule is not limited to the prior 24 months. But, and heres the key distinction, Amexs rule isnt mandatory ineligibility. Instead, the language in the terms is a vague may be excluded, depending on a variety of factors, some of which are stated in the small print of the offer. XXXX ) Leaving aside whether such a vague clause is even reasonable under basic contract law. ), I called Amex up to seek specfics. I was told that many factors " could be '' relevant. But she also told me that before I clicked Apply, Id be informed in fact whether I was ineligible. How would I be informed? By a pop-up, I was told. Moreover, some online research XXXX, XXXX, and elsewhere anecdotally confirmed this was Amex 's system. So I plugged in my Social Security #, my addresses, my financial information, etc. And waited to see if I got a pop-up. I didnt, which thereby suggested definitively that I wasnt ineligible which is to say I was in fact eligible. I followed through, was approved, and received my card. XXXX ) I never would have signed up for the card if I was ineligible for the bonus XXXX miles. XXXX ) I spent the minimums required by the offer two thresholds in the required time frame in order to receive the XXXX total of miles. My last required spending was in late XX/XX/year>. XXXX ) I received no miles. 7 ) I contacted Skymiles and after three miserable hours with a useless XXXX I was instructed to contact American Exoress. 8 ) So I did. After being switched around to three different people, a supervisor claimed her records stated I did receive a pop-up, but that my appeal would still be filed. I told her I received no pop-up and would be happy to so attest in an affidavit or under oath in a legal proceeding. She said nothing. I asked for documentary or videographic evidence to prove Amex 's contention that I received the pop-up. The representative declined to share it. She did confirm that I hadn't received the pop-up I should receive the SkyMiles bonus. XXXX ) I emailed the CEO of the relevant Amex division. A " XXXX XXXX '' called me and offered to " investigate '' my claim -- even as she told me her records already proved I'd received the pop-up declaration of ineligibility. She tap-danced and acknowledged there was little to investigate, but still demanded I give the company five days to investigate, after which she informed me she wouldn't call to inform me and instead I'd have to call the general Amex phone number and suffer through its interminable " tree '' in which Amex tried to sell me stuff, deal with a chatbot, or " be informed of your current balance. '' I kid you not. 10 ) I called back five days later, as instructed. The representative demanded another 13 days. 11 ) I agaion wrote the relevant division CEO at Amex. I got no reply, but the same " XXXX XXXX '' ( I have no idea if that's her real name ) called me back and told me my claim had been rejected because, she asserted, I had received the pop-up. I asked for documentary or videographic or other proof I had received such notification. She declined to give it -- citing " proprietary '' reasons. I have no clue what that gobbledygook means, but I'd suggest to the CFPB it's a brazen violation of federal law and regulations -- as well as absurd on its face. 12 ) I then asked if there was other basis for denying me my mileage other than the secret evidence within Amex. She informed me that " it's obvious '' that I received the pop-up! I would suggest the ridiculousness of that statement alone demonstrates how outrageous American Express 's conduct is in this case. 13 ) Indeed, if one wanted to look at the record -- or lack of it -- and ask what " s obvious, it's this : If in fact I'd receivd the pop-up that Amex disingenuously claims I received, why on earth would I have proceeded with the offer for the card. i wouldn't have and only did so because of the aggressive offer that I received in the first place -- an email offer that Amex well knows, or should know, that I received. I respectfully demand that American Express give me the bonus XXXX Delta SkyMiles that were offered to me and for which I followed the contractual terms that were necessary in order for me to receive the miles. I also would ask the CFPB to invesitgate whether American Express 10 ) I expect, and demand, the XXXX Delta SkyMiles I was offered, and for which Ive complied with the Terms & Conditions attached to that offer. I would also ask CFPB to investigate how often Amex may engage in this misleading and fraudulent behavior. Thank you.
I recently ( in XXXX, XXXX ) had time to go back and " reconcile '' many XXXX Bills. I found XXXX XXXX charges dating back to XXXX XXXX. I discovered it was from a Subscription I never signed up for ... at least not knowingly by the name of " QR Code Reader + Bar Scanner ''. XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX had charged me {$19.00} EVERY 2 WEEKS for over 6 months! I cancelled the subscription and called XXXX XXXX and told them I had not signed up for it. I am now filing a formal regulatory complaint against XXXX Card for a violation of my consumer rights under the Fair Credit Billing Act ( FCBA ). I initiated an inquiry regarding {$200.00} in unauthorized, recurring charges stemming from a mobile App Store subscription trap ( QR CODE READER + BARCODE SCANNER ). XXXX initially provided temporary credits, but subsequently reversed the credits and forced the {$200.00} XXXX back onto my statement. XXXX stated they closed the case because they could not find fraud. XXXX failed to properly execute and investigate this dispute by misclassifying it solely as an Identity Theft claim ( stolen card numbers ). I have repeatedly informed XXXX that this is a Merchant Misrepresentation/Services Not Rendered dispute under the XXXX framework. The merchant utilized predatory, deceptive billing and architecture ( fleeceware ) to bill my account, and the merchants platform ( XXXX XXXX ) confirms that the application has XXXX or next to XXXX usage history. The service was unrendered. By refusing to re-open the dispute under the correct XXXX merchant-misrepresentation guidelines, and instead forcing me to pay for an unrendered service from a deceptive vendor, XXXX has failed its regulatory duties. I demand that XXXX Executive Dispute Escalation Team re-open this case under the proper Fair Credit Billing Act framework and permanently credit my account for the {$200.00}. This has used upwards of 4 - 5 hours of phone calls and unserious excuses for not giving me the help I need. Thank you very much.
They said I violated their term of service and only sent me a copy of the term of service but they didnt actually tell me what term I violated. I called a few times now and they only keep telling me they cant tell me anything because of policy or because of legal. I want to use Cash App again and they arent actually doing anything to resolve the issue or tell me anything at all.
I added XXXX to XXXX XXXX XXXX and all all a sudden there were three unauthorized charges XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX I never made these three charges and my dispute is being denied even though I provided the police report and the fbi ic3 form. I also had my card cancelled since I found out my card was filed on that website.
NOTICE OF FORMAL COMPLAINT AND DEMAND FOR IMMEDIATE RESOLUTION To the XXXX XXXX XXXX Team, I am writing to formally lodge a high-priority complaint regarding the sudden suspension of my online banking access and the subsequent egregious treatment I received from your XXXX XXXX staff. Despite being a verified customer, I have been locked out of my funds and subjected to hostile customer service. The Core Issue : Until XX/XX/year>, I successfully accessed my online banking using six-digit two-factor authentication ( 2FA ) security codes sent to my international telephone number. Since that date, PNC has abruptly ceased transmitting these critical security codes to my overseas device. This sudden technical change has completely locked me out of my online account, and standard frontline support has failed to provide a technical solution. The Impact : By cutting off my ability to receive 2FA codes, PNC has blocked me from accessing my capital, monitoring my accounts, and managing my financial obligations from abroad. This lockout causes immediate financial vulnerability and represents a severe failure by PNC to maintain continuous, secure account access for its clients overseas. Furthermore, trying to resolve this has forced me to incur expensive international call charges, only to be met with severe mistreatment by your staff.
XX/XX/year> {$9700.00} Fraudulent unauthorized charges as a result of being contacted by a bad actor impersonating a bank representative who used high-pressure tactics to manipulate my account access. I was simultaneously contacted by phone and text messages. These charges have not been investigated and never given temporary credit causing me to have a due payment on XX/XX/year>. XXXX : XX/XX/year> post : XX/XX/year>XX/XX/XXXX {$36.00} XX/XX/year> post XX/XX/year>XX/XX/XXXX{$30.00} I would appreciate a response as of why these 2 charges appear on my replacement card if these charges were made on my previous card. I didn't receive my replacement card until XX/XX/year>, and activated card that day. My initial dispute was denied because company claims that I contributed to the fraud. I strongly disagree because these transactions were entirely fraudulent and completed under criminal duress or deception. I have mailed them my written appeal.
Navy federal credit union restricted my account due to security reasons and I have not violated any terms or regulations of my checking account, no fraud no security violations etc but they are closing the account with no explanation behind it.
